AUSTIN , Texas ( Reuter ) - The highest criminal appeals court in Texas cleared the way Wednesday for the execution of a death row inmate whose claims of innocence have drawn international attention .
Di Tella said he would walk on the minefields after they were cleared to show they were safe .
The ruling clears Hill 's name of the last remaining charge of links with Irish Republican Army violence , opening the way for him to become an American citizen .
The `` captains of April '' ended nearly 50 years of right-wing dictatorship and cleared the way for Portugal to withdraw from its African colonies after a 20-year war against nationalist guerrilla movements .
Because the Guildford pub bombing and the murder of Shaw were IRA acts and Hill has now been cleared of both , Thursday 's ruling formally absolves him of the IRA links which he had always denied .
As if clearing its throat , Anak Krakatau spits out dust and ash , sending clouds of thick black smoke billowing upward .
As if clearing its throat , Anak Krakatau spits out dust and ash , sending clouds of smoke billowing upwards .
All flights in and out of the Algerian capital were canceled and police cleared people from the airport terminal .
After two weeks of haggling and near-collapse following Hosokawa 's departure , the seven-way coalition finally sealed a policy document last week , clearing the way to name Hata as their new prime minister .
The army was deployed in Sind two years ago to try to clear the province of dacoits and more than 250 bandits have been killed in the crackdown .
It also cleared the way for a new international initiative led by the United States and Russia to end the two-year war between Moslems , Croats and Serb over Bosnian independence .
It expects to clear the camps within two years .
At the focus are the adventures of ex-cop-turned-private-eye Jake Cardigan , released from cryonic jail and trying to clear his name and reunite with his family while battling `` Tek '' ( drug) lords .
`` Grozny should be cleared of criminal elements within a short period of time , '' Yeltsin said .
When the smoke cleared , the unisex stylists were gone and Pitts was the undisputed presidential barber .
County officials rejected both theories Friday , clearing the hospital and saying an autopsy had found nothing toxic in the woman 's body .
Festivals in China are usually used by courts to `` clear the books '' of serious cases .
TOKYO ( Reuter ) - Japan 's first minority government in four decades started clearing the decks for early elections as the opposition camp threatened Sunday to introduce a no-confidence motion in parliament .
Hong Kong authorties , backed by the international community , have vowed to clear the camps within two years .
Police officers at the scene said they had tried to clear an overcrowded area in front of the stage and some members of the crowd started to throw rocks and bottles .
On Tuesday workers were clearing months of Cairo dust out of the ornamental pools and installing elaborate tableaux in the hall where PLO leader Yasser Arafat and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin are expected to sign .
Workers had cleared months of Cairo dust out of the ornamental pools and installed elaborate tableaux in the conference hall where PLO leader Yasser Arafat and Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin were expected to put pen to paper .
Fiske appears to be moving quickly to wrap up the Washington phase of his investigation , which would clear the way for congressional hearings .
Authorities said at the time the men had been questioned and cleared of wrongdoing .
There was no immediate indication of why Russian intelligence would choose to issue the statement clearing Oppenheimer 's name .
Despite mockery of the plan as French cultural arrogance and a vain attempt to regulate human conduct by decree , the bill cleared the upper house , the Senate , last month .
The exit polls showed only the six mainstream parties cleared the 5 percent hurdle .
When the smoke cleared , Robert Crittenden was still standing .
The study comes as Northeastern states are pushing for a transition to cleaner cars , including some ``zero-emission '' electric cars , to clear their smog .
Bianchi added that a British military tribunal had also ruled on the case clearing Priebke of charges .
In Maine , skies that had been cloudy Tuesday morning had cleared by early afternoon in time for the celestial event , something not seen in the state since 1875 .
He was cleared of local charges this year but the Italian case remains open .
Officials in Peshawar said the demonstrators had tried to spread their road blockade to the Bunir Pass , prompting the paramilitary to clear the road .
The dark-haired Ukrainian played rapidly , preparing a king 's side attack and clearing the queen 's side to castle .
The scheduling of Lamey 's execution comes just one month after a U.K. Privy Council ruling cleared the way for the resumption of hanging .
The White House also released a letter from the Office of Government Ethics that cleared Mrs Clinton of any conflict of interest because of her holdings in an investment partnership that made money on health care stocks .
Papandreou was cleared of corruption charges by a 13-judge court in 1992 and Mitsotakis then asked a conservative - controlled parliament to drop the eavesdropping charges .
But the former social democratic leader , sporting a white jacket and appearing relaxed at Caracas ' El Junquito jail , defiantly vowed to clear his name .
Dom DeLuise , the comedian accused by a casino employee of a sexual advance , has been cleared by a grand jury .
That 's land that could be used much more productively if it could be cleared , '' Peachey said .
But they will begin looking again for the missing climber when the weather clears .
He was a familiar sight on international television , clad in camouflage fatigues and a forage cap , touring the lines with a purposeful stride and a physical presence of the sort that clears barrooms .
Chavez said her panel would investigate the case on its own and , if proof exists , formally accuse Garcia and clear the way for his prosecution .
Security men clearing a path to the airport terminal building came close to blows with some reporters .
The way was cleared for a continuation of the expenditure campaigns when a federal judge this week denied an attempt by Democrats to shut down the campaigns while the Federal Election Commission writes new rules governing them .
If Rostenkowski were cleared he would get his chairmanship back .
But in his statement Rostenkowski insisted that the truth was on his side , that he was wholly blameless , and that he would fight to clear his name .
But Meteo-France said skies are likely to clear in time for the main international commemorative event on Omaha beach on Monday afternoon , which French President Francois Mitterrand , Britain 's Queen Elizabeth and Clinton will attend .
Le Tissier blames the suspicion on a delay in describing the death as suicide , caused by the need for four governments still locked in a Cold War mentality to clear the press release with their capitals .
The budget was expected to be cleared through the lower house on Wednesday and then submitted to the upper house .
It would also clear the Caribbean decks for a possible invasion of Haiti .
Perez , 71 , said he could easily have fled but chose to clear his name of charges of embezzlement and misuse of public funds .
Under a plea bargain , Harding was cleared of any advance knowledge of the plot to maim her rival and did n't get a jail term .
If he clears the primary hurdle as expected , Robb will face a November 8 general election against Republican Senate nominee Oliver North , the conservative former mastermind of Iran-contra operations in Ronald Reagans 's White House .
Speaking out publicly last week for the first time since Touvier 's conviction , Papon said he was confident a court would eventually clear his name .
Feeling threatened by roadblocks to the front and rear of them , the U.N. military observers called for help and members of the government police arrived swiftly to clear their way to leave .
Police briefly cleared the beach , where crowds of students were celebrating the end of classes for the summer .
This would presumably clear the decks for a concerted push on health reform and possibly welfare reform , another Clinton initiative , before the congressional session ends this autumn .
Another convoy of squad cars moved ahead of the Bronco to clear a path and keep other motorists out of harm 's way .
In the 15th minute Swiss defender Dominique Herr sent in a header from a Sutter cross which Meola could only palm over his head , but defender Marcelo Balboa cleared the ball from near the goal line .
The Swiss went close again shortly afterwards when Meola could only palm a header from Dominque Herr over his head and defender Marcelo Balboa cleared from near the line .
The host side made several dangerous breaks down the wings early on but seemed to run out of ideas on the edge of the box , giving the Swiss plenty of time to clear .
HANOI - Suicides , mass hunger-strikes and agitation in Asia 's camps for Vietnamese boat people have underscored how hard it will be to clear the detention centers in the next 18 months .
The Mexicans were unlucky not to equalise in a bizarre injury-time goalmouth scramble that saw the ball hit the post and a player 's head before being cleared .
But skies later cleared , allowing the emperor to take photographs of a wild iris .
The goal came after Sweden 's Klas Ingesson played a short ball back to Roland Nilsson who failed to get hold of it properly and cleared straight into Francois Omam-Biyick 's body .
He added it would take two hours to clear the road , an important route for ambulances .
Iranian television , which said the bomb had 11 pounds explosives , showed workers , some in tears , clearing broken glass from a blood-splattered green marble floor .
Four men 's seeds with a total of seven Wimbledon singles titles between them cleared their opening obstacles .
Packwood said early in the investigation that he wanted hearings to clear his name , but it is not known whether he still wants them .
Abduallah was also a danger in the air and he went close to scoring a second goal for Saudi Arabia after 37 minutes with a header which was cleared at the expense of a corner by Frank de Boer .
Last week 's recklessness verdict against Exxon and fired tanker captain Joseph Hazelwood cleared the way for a punitive award for the nation 's worst oil spill .
Two lower courts had already cleared Chabot , who gave a fatal dose of sleeping pills to a severely depressed but otherwise healthy woman at her request .
There were a dozen players in the penalty area but the ball travelled untouched all the way across the face of the goal before it was cleared .
Briseno and Wind were cleared of any wrongdoing by the federal jury .
On the other hand Moscow says that its equipment for an unfinished power station near Baghdad is rotting in Jordan and elsewhere and should be cleared by the council also .
When we cleared Singapore in the plane , he was like a different kid .
The German coach said he had raised his voice in a meeting at high noon to clear the dissent which has emerged in their camp .
`` It 's a question of clearing our conscience , '' he said , noting France 's long-time support for the Hutu-led government accused of turning a blind eye to the massacres .
KIGALI ( Reuter ) - A brief truce negotiated by the United Nations appeared to be holding in the Rwandan capital Saturday , clearing the way for the evacuation of hundreds of refugees trapped behind battle lines .
Fay said he wanted to sell his story as a book or a movie , not for the money , but so he could clear his name .
The Komeito 's Ichikawa , however , rejected suggestions that Hata 's resignation was intended to clear the way for his re-election with the support of a restructured coalition .
But he eventually claimed his second in the 37th minute when the Koreans failed to clear another Haessler cross and the ball dropped perfectly for Klinsmann .
Because of insufficient evidence , Tadic was cleared of nine counts of murder involving the killings of 13 Muslims in the Prijedor region of northwestern Bosnia in 1992 .
But by the time the fake smoke had cleared and the roasted pig had been eaten , the bash had shaken a city that prizes flash and tolerance , and Davis was not answering calls .
Occasional mortar rounds cleared the streets of people , though by recent standards it was a day of light action , Chechen fighters said .
If the ruling is allowed to stand , it will clear the way for grand juries or congressional committees to force White House lawyers to testify about their private conversations with the president , according to the appeal .
Canady 's measure also failed to clear the full Judiciary Committee during the last session .
In an effort to avoid possible layoffs , McDonnell Douglas Corp. will clear the way for production of a commercial version of its popular C-17 military transport aircraft even though it does not have any confirmed customers .
The commuter plane cleared the FAA jet , but witnesses said that less than 100 feet separated the two aircraft a margin considered dangerously close under air-traffic-control regulations .
Analysts say the ruling also clears the way for both companies to expand their cable interests without interference from the partnership .
But once the Senate clears a bill , it must be melded with the legislation that passes through the House .
Although he was eventually cleared of the charges , he found himself broke .
Lifsh moved to Israel after being cleared by a grand jury .
Most exporters and importers depend on the cargo agents to get their goods cleared at customs , which is notorious for bureaucratic red-tape .
The measure had earlier cleared the House .
The emotional departure Wednesday , from the Baltics as well as Germany , also cleared the way for farewell ceremonies next week for the troops in Germany of the Western Allies who stood firm against the Soviet threat to the NATO alliance .
A Federal Aviation Adminstration spokesman said the jet had been cleared for landing at the Fresno Air Terminal but ran into trouble and crashed .
The jet had been cleared for landing at the Fresno Air Terminal when it suddenly lost power and crashed , a Federal Aviation Administration spokesman said .
The pilot had been cleared for a landing at the Fresno Air Terminal but suddenly declared an emergency , overshot the runway and crashed , said a Federal Aviation Administration spokesman .