Tsui , who is prominent in Hong Kong 's Thai boxing fraternity , denied the accusations , kicking back with allegations he was fired in a racist frame-up by his immediate superior whom he described as corrupted by power .
Besides killing foreigners because they supposedly represent corrupting outside influences , they also attack Algeria 's intellectuals and secular members of its middle class .
Iranian officials are struggling to find a practical approach to the proliferation of satellite dishes which give many Iranians unhindered access to foreign broadcast deemed corrupting .
American demand tempts and corrupts all the supplier and transit countries .
The drug baron also excelled in corrupting Mexican politicians and law enforcement officials to guarantee impunity for his actions .
The tracts have since became more populist and conjured images of a latter-day Robin Hood band , fighting for the poor and downtrodden against ruling powers and foreign influences portrayed as corrupting Greece .
With former president Cory Aquino sitting on the stage with him , Sin accused the government of corrupting the nation 's youth through sex education and a deluge of offensive educational material .
Toft charged that Colombia had no political will to take on cocaine kingpins , that every one of its judicial and political institutions were corrupted by traffickers .
Jersey City public schools has been under state control for the last five years , after it was demonstrated that local politics had corrupted the educational mission .
Jornal do Brasil newspaper reported military chiefs were worried about drug traffickers corrupting badly paid troops .
They fear the power they gave him has corrupted him .
His standing has since suffered amid a widespread feeling that the Socialists were corrupted by power .
It suggests that anyone can be corrupted , anything can turn hideous .
But it was turned into a competitive category in 1957 , and it has been fatally corrupted since .
But tango is far from corrupting most of Buenos Aires ' youth , still more likely to spend Saturday nights dancing rock , rap or salsa than an unbearably melancholy music .
Gore said he strongly disagreed with those who point their fingers at the entertainment industry for being responsible for corrupting the nation 's youth .
She accuses President Leghari of executing a coup against her ; power corrupted her longtime protege , she says .
Alexiy II accused the Kremlin of hijacking and corrupting the religious tradition of preserving saints ' remains to boost their own popularity .
It said Cuban officials who had been corrupted by such influences `` are isolated cases which have been detected and correspondingly punished , but this phenomenon serves as an alert '' .
Opposition newspapers claim he was corrupted , and other observers suspect he may have been intimidated .
While urging another boycott , William Bennett bemoaned the obscenity of it all and said lyrics are corrupting the nation .
Marcia Clark has done fairly well at establishing that the crime scene was not compromised , contaminated or corrupted as suggested by the defense .
It is generally taken for granted , as Prosecutor-General Alfonso Valdivieso acknowledged in a Reuter interview , that cocaine wealth has corrupted all walks of life in Colombia .
His popularity , at a peak during the 1991 Gulf War , waned amid a widespread feeling that the Socialists had become worn out and corrupted by power .
His popularity , at a peak during the 1991 Gulf War , waned amid a widespread feeling the Socialists had become worn out and corrupted by power .
His popularity , at a peak during the 1991 Gulf War , later waned amid a widespread feeling the Socialists had become worn out and corrupted by power .
`` The defendants say the provision of money was unavoidable but they willfully corrupted public servants to benefit themselves and win favours , '' Moon said .
Fuentes remains unrepentant about his youthful romance with Cuban socialism , and he is unabashedly nostalgic about the high life he tasted with Ochoa and de la Guardia , insisting it never corrupted him personally or professionally .
Iranian officials are struggling to find a practical approach to the proliferation of satellite dishes which give many Iranians unhindered access to foreign broadcasts deemed corrupting .
Drug experts say narcotics money has corrupted some senior levels of the Mexican police and the judiciary but neither the Mexican nor the U.S. government like to discuss the matter in public .
Most appealing about Mexican cooking is that it has n't been corrupted by the passing of time .
It was exactly this tradition of immunity , of new presidents letting bygones be bygones , of the scandalous impunity of officeholders , that has corrupted the country politically and economically .
But Mexico complains about how millions of U.S. drug users stimulate an illegal trade that damages its national security and corrupts its institutions .
( Optional add end ) Since the regime could not realistically control video imports , several members of Parliament favored lifting the ban and trying to preempt `` corrupting '' videos with local production .
In March , Washington disqualified Bogota as an ally in its crusade against drugs , charging that the drug traffickers had corrupted every level of the Colombian state .
Gingrich said the day before at news conference : `` It is far more dangerous in the long run for the American system if foreigners get in the habit of corrupting our processes .
U.S. authorities also have been corrupted , this at a time when U.S. Customs drug-seizure statistics show that Southern California has replaced South Texas and before that Southern Florida as the entry point of choice for drug traffickers .
The protesters say the show demeans women , corrupts Indian culture , and provides further inroads for multinational companies into India .
Defense lawyers have dismissed that evidence as corrupted and contaminated by sloppy handling or by deliberate attempts to frame Simpson .
" The old regime corrupted the whole population , " says Richard Falbr , head of the country 's association of trade unions .
After a three-month investigation , Fiske recently concluded that there were insufficient grounds to prove that contacts between the White House and the Treasury Department were aimed at corrupting federal efforts to learn why Madison failed .
This idea hovers in the background : The quiz show scandals were really about how greedy Jews ( the producers and network people ) corrupted the noble ideals of real ( that is , WASP) Americans .
Iran 's Parliament advanced a proposal to ban satellite-television dishes , which tune in Western and Asian programs that Muslim clerics say are corrupting Islamic values .
We do know that in other nations BCCI prospered by corrupting politicians and regulators , and can reasonably suspect that it tried the same here .
But Brasilia has succeeded only in corrupting the political process by creating an enclave of privilege that is far removed from the nation 's realities and that is concerned primarily with looking after its own interests .
Because there are so few laws for M.P.s to break they also are less likely to go to elaborate lengths , corrupting the entire system , to cover up violations .
The award is reserved for those journalists who have shown a special capacity to maintain their innocence of corrupting worldly matters .
Everybody gets corrupted , he seems to be saying ; the idea is to hold out as long as you can .
Prosecutors say that was enough : " One corrupted juror sitting with others is like a corrosive poison , " says former U.S. Attorney Chertoff , who presided over the jury-tampering prosecution in the Lucchese case .
The rest of the country came under the rule of commanders fattened by the spoils of that war , and corrupted by unchecked opportunities for theft .
Landscape myths can nourish , they can be corrupted , they can corrupt .
In a newsroom celebration in Melville , N.Y. , Newsday Editor Anthony Marro said of the police disability series , `` Newspapers serve their community best when they show how well-meaning public programs have been manipulated and corrupted .
If data are corrupted in a single server , it can pass along the corrupt data to any member of the network .
While he would say only that there is a "very strong " level of corruption among the judiciales , colleagues have said that 80 % have been corrupted by drug cartels or others .
Are children corrupted by the blood-and-guts rubbish they watch on TV and , increasingly , on videos and video games ?
Mezzos have also largely succeeded in wresting back the role of Rosina in Rossini 's `` Barbiere di Siviglia '' from the squeakers who had usurped and corrupted it .
When he tries to bring in foreign investors , including Coca-Cola , he is charged with corrupting and selling out the Islamic society .
Boasting of a `` New Texas '' or restoring `` Texas Traditions '' carries with it a nice , hopeful ring , a clarion call to resist the dark encroachment of vile forces corrupting the public interest .
At least the old discrimination existed anomalously with the American creed ; the new discrimination , enshrined into law , corrupts the nation 's institutions and makes them purveyors of injustice .
It is powerfully corrupting to have large numbers of people whose own livelihood depends on the illegal activities of others .
Hollywood has been corrupting Oriental mythology for the sake of melodrama since the beginnings of the film industry , and there 's no reason to expect this tradition to cease .
The battle against Chechnya can be portrayed as a fight for Russian unity and against chaos and crime , given the prominence of Chechens in the so-called mafia that bedevils and corrupts all of Russia .
In `` Frankenstein , or The Modern Prometheus , '' her resolution was attached to the then-current vogue of primitivism and the cult of the `` noble savage '' whose basically good nature is corrupted by inhumane treatment .
`` Science fiction then was the literature of ideas , and that was what drew me in and corrupted my life , '' he said .
They found that a century-old tradition of good sewing had not been completely corrupted by the Communists .
The substance was that journalists and journalism must maintain arms-length , even `` adversarial '' relations with politicians and governments , because collaboration was corrupting .
Among Indian constitutional experts , editorial writers and human rights activists , it is easy to find those who say that the freedoms won in the independence struggle a half-century ago have been fundamentally corrupted .
However , two former heads of the NEH told a House Appropriations subcommittee that the agencies have corrupted the culture and should be abolished .
`` We suspect the evidence will show that this evidence collected at these various locations you 've just seen was contaminated , compromised and ultimately corrupted , '' Cochran said .
But according to the federal indictments and interviews with a dozen drug lawyers , others were corrupted by the money .
Both , they say , have been corrupted by years of black-market dealings .
He is skeptical about charges that the language is being corrupted by a generation addicted to television and the Internet .
Valle , who is known as `` El Bujo '' the Owl called the cartels `` a state within a state '' that have corrupted everyone from presidents to attorneys general to judges to journalists .
Plans about how to allocate assets may be corrupted .
The three worlds before us were corrupted because people paid more attention to doing stuff like gambling , '' Navenma said .
The defense team 's attack on DNA-tested evidence is built on the premise that evidence was contaminated , compromised and corrupted , resulting in unreliable test results .
But when I reloaded the program , a glance at the register showed the backup file must have been corrupted as well .
When I mentioned this to a customer , he asked me if I was concerned about someone calling up my modem and corrupting my files .
Q You mean , 10 years ago it was n't accepted as a reasonable statement that drug traffickers had corrupted Mexican government officials ?
`` Government programs established to help our people have changed the way we behave , corrupted our values , and diminished our virtue , '' he said .
He blamed the growth of government for corrupting American values .
`` They have corrupted our values.And as we have turned to government to be our keeper , to be our indemnifier , we have turned away from our family and our faith .
`` The idea of corrupting that institution by putting a sleazy politician at its head is just outrageous , '' said Dershowitz .
The indictment of six lawyers in Miami last week on drug conspiracy charges made for a bracing commentary from officials on how cocaine has corrupted the legal profession .
Along with Caetano Veloso , another musician from his home state of Bahia , Gil was exiled in the 1960s for corrupting Brazilian culture and youth with the rock-tinged hybrid he and Veloso created , called tropicalismo .
That corrupts the purpose of the Senate 's extended debate protections , which were designed to give minorities an extra chance to persuade if they were willing to work extra hard .
Third , parts of your hard disk could be getting corrupted .
Did Hollywood deserve its reputation in the 1930s for ruining great plays and corrupting great playwrights ?
However , satellite television is controversial in India and regularly condemned by opposition politicians as prejudiced and corrupting India 's cultural life .
In Wilson 's remarks some of his harshest to date he said that programs initiated 30 years ago to deal with social inequities have been corrupted such that they are no longer fair .
The implication of this , as Gordon 's story works out , is that all fathers who send their children to war , whether in a good cause or not , are corrupted by doing so .
Saudi Arabia said that settled the case , but Harbert argues-and several members of Congress say the evidence shows-that government pressure corrupted the proceedings .
If we define that freedom wrongly then we have at the heart of this nation 's existence corrupted the source of what we are .
There in 1987 life imitated her grim story of justice corrupted by racism .
What is most impressive about Mr. Gates is that his success has not corrupted his principles .
We will never conquer the problem of the deficit if we do not balance our hearts , if we do not conquer the moral deficit that is destroying our families , corrupting our children and destroying their lives .
All too typical is a young Colorado preacher who told me that many of America 's ills can be traced to the `` alien Jews '' who have corrupted the government and control the nation 's banks .
Others , too , suggest that medical judgment can be corrupted by the profit motive .
Eszterhas insisted that ultimately teaches young people that corrupting their souls for success is not worth it .
But they do not seem to understand how corrupted in many ways this democracy has become .