Do n't let the company bean-counters get wind of the fact that you could be sent on 45 more Newark-Chicago business trips for what it 's costing to ensure that you get your perk , Blyskal cautions .
Oh yes , the details can get immensely complex and getting the details wrong could cost dearly .
`` Although it has cost him public popularity , the president has always striven for political equilibirum and has opposed attempts to create monopolies by either the left or right , '' Falandysz added .
They like to say that China is a potentially huge market for the goods they make in America and that rejection will spark Chinese retaliation that will cost them sales and their workers jobs .
He did not say how much the launch would cost .
Second Growth Medocs once the darlings of frugal connoisseurs in many cases now cost more than $ 50 a bottle .
Yet records show that keeping Simpson in jail just through October had already cost Block 's department more than $ 232,000 , much of it for deputy overtime at the jail and courthouse .
Today said the royals faced the most vicious television attack ever with a documentary concluding the family cost the taxpayers $ 150 million a year .
He confirmed that the show had cost $ 11.9 million to mount , making it the costliest in the history of Broadway .
Australian Kangaroo Industries Association executive director Greg Mackey said kangaroo was mainly used as pet food , costing around $ 1 a pound , compared with up to $ 4.50 a pound when it was prepared for human consumption .
Montana Democrat Pat Williams , chairman of the House subcommittee on Labor-Management Relations , estimates the plan could cost as much as $ 30 billion more then the president 's bill over five years .
While sales have picked up , the move will cost the university .
It would have cost twice as much to repair the bridge as tear it down .
The offensive against Gorazde has cost Bosnian Serbs the support of Russia .
The ferocious offensive on Gorazde , which has killed 100 people a day this week , has cost the Bosnian Serbs the support of their traditional ally , Russia .
`` People are criticizing the visit a bit , because it is costing the community a lot .
The World Bank has concluded that tuberculosis control is one of the most cost-effective forms of treatment , costing as little as $ 0.90 for each year added to a patient 's life .
Jordan has long complained about the blockade , saying it cost the country $ 1 billion and the loss of 16 registered shipping lines that had previously used the Aqaba port .
Extra subsidies to small businesses would cost more , and Mitchell told reporters that a payroll tax on employers was ''one of the many alternatives suggested by senators '' at Tuesday 's policy meeting .
The difference could cost the 11 % of American households that use the fuel as much as hundreds of dollars more apiece -- and perhaps $ 1.56 billion nationwide .
South Korea is responsible for building the two reactors and financing much of the project , which is estimated to cost $ 6 billion .
`` I 'm not yet convinced , and I do not know , how much the plan we finally arrive at is going to cost .
It may cost less than the plan the President has described .
State officials say illegal immigrants cost state and local governments $ 3 billion a year , money that California can ill afford at a time of recession and deep budget cuts .
`` It is priceless publicity , '' said John Brown of the Irish tourist board who estimated the free advertising generated by the show was worth double what it cost to stage .
Bolton said the jury 's decision would cost him millions of dollars but he would not be more specific .
It is estimated the ban will cost the island up to $ 10 million a year .
Supporters of the mandate say it is the best way to extend health insurance benefits to the 39 million Americans who lack coverage , while opponents say it will cost jobs and lower wages .
While other single parents will have to go to court for similar tax relief , the ruling is likely to lead to reforms that could cost the government hundreds of millions of dollars .
Disney has said for some time that the infrastructure improvements needed to meet environmental concerns would cost about $ 750 million .
A scrap dealer , Noor Mohammad , said medicine makers buy manganese and carbon bars in the black market and that an 11-pound bar costs only 50 cents .
American workers would prefer getting their health care through traditional fee-for-service medicine rather than managed care , which costs them and their employers less but limits their choice of doctors and treatments , according to a new workplace survey .
The Queen and Mitterrand unveiled a plaque commemorating the six-year building of the tunnel , one of the most ambitious civil engineering projects ever undertaken and which cost 10 workers their lives .
The settlement actually cost some consumers money out-of-pocket after deduction of legal fees .
U.N. sources said four Serb tanks were now at large in the zone established in February to lift the Serb siege of Sarajevo which cost at least 10,000 lives during two years of fighting .
Airline officials declined to say how much the flight cancellations would cost .
No one expects a canape to cost the same as Oscar Mayer on white , but the abundant supply of smoked salmon has n't always resulted in lower prices for shoppers .
Auto maintenance , parking , insurance and gasoline will cost more than most Chinese earn in a year , he estimated .
King Hussein , who has complained that searches were costing the Jordanian economy heavily , had linked resumption of peace talks with Israel to ending the searches of Aqaba-bound ships by the U.S.-led naval force .
Mr. Bibb said Time Warner still operates under the " costs be damned as long as you produce results " philosophy of the late Steven Ross , a principal in the creation of Time Warner .
Also , "it 's clear to us that they [the IRS ] are using this against other airlines across the country " and that the decision could cost the industry huge amounts of money .
The brief statement by Perry and Shalikashvili stressed that it costs large sums of money to close bases before savings are recognized from such closings .
In her network dramatic debut , Schiffer plays a reporter who is given a tour by Copperfield of his studio , which he said cost $ 2 million and is the biggest ever constructed for a television special .
`` It was the model skyscrapers and office interiors which cost a lot of money .
A new report from Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali estimates the operation , aimed at protecting refugees and humanitarian workers , would cost about $ 115 million for the first six months .
A new report from Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali Friday estimates the operation , aimed at protecting refugees and humanitarian workers , would cost about $ 115 million for the first six months .
What is more , the tensions have cost both sides money .
A classified interagency study of the impact of revoking MFN found that it could cost each side as much as $ 10 billion to $ 13 billion if high U.S. tariffs went into effect across the board .
Haldeman was Nixon 's closest aide until he was forced out by the Watergate scandal that cost Nixon his presidency in 1974 .
A Social Democrat member of the Turkish parliament said the sanctions had cost his country $ 20 billion in lost trade and that thriving border traffic between Kurds on either side of the boundary had been halted .
U.S. business groups are urging Clinton to extend the privileges , arguing that revoking them would spark a trade war that could cost U.S. consumers more than $ 10 billion .
Federal agencies would have to look for alternative steps to avoid a takings , and determine how much the action would cost the government to compensate property owners .
Labor leaders contend that layoffs can be accomplished quickly within contract guidelines , but county management says that process could cost the county millions of dollars in delays .
Forced to prevent food aid being stolen by gangs of marauding gunmen , the United Nations then became involved in a disastrous military intervention which cost the lives of some 50 peacekeepers in shootouts with warlords ' militias .
Clinton 's proposal is expected to cost up to $ 10 billion over five years .
Company officials told a news conference the strike would cost the railroad $ 5 million to $ 10 million daily .
A gallon of gasoline currently costs $ 7 on the black market .
ANC economists have said since the election the plan could cost up to $ 80 billion , to be paid partly by the government , partly out of savings and partly by private sector investment .
Tampon makers now include warnings about TSS in part as a result of civil suits in the 1980s which cost them millions of dollars .
It costs several thousand dollars an hour to fly the helicopters that ferry the president and key aides around .
Analysts had warned that revoking China 's tariff benefits could cost up to 200,000 American jobs as well as billions of dollars in trade and potential markets .
Airlines have launched an offensive against a systemwide plan , using an FAA study that concluded the baggage-match requirement would cost the industry $ 2.3 billion a year in delays , added personnel and restricted schedules .
No one can yet say whether the Angolan people and the international community will have the resolution in the new year to preserve a peace that has cost the region millions of lives and tens of billions of dollars .
It says moving will cost one-third less than renovating existing space and " will solve a lot of the problems we have , " hopes Charles Rickett Jr. , managing director of facilities for the association .
But with a woman 's blouse costing a week 's pay , many of the customers are just window shopping .
Brown , a confident speaker , is focusing her campaign on the weak California economy , only now bottoming out after four years of recession that cost more than half a million jobs .
It costs about $ 9 a minute to call home , send faxes or transmit computer messages .
He said he would not rest until there was an end to the guerrilla conflict , one of the world 's longest , which has cost more than 3,000 lives in the past 25 years .
Coast Guard officials said the hoax maydays were costing the agency heavily both financially and by tying up vital rescue resources .
The administration estimates that it costs American merchants as much as $ 800 million each year in lost sales .
The program , established in 1946 and now costing nearly $ 5 billion a year , has come under fire from consumer groups who say the meals are unhealthy .
The programme , established in 1946 and now costing nearly $ 5 billion a year , has come under fire from consumer groups who say the meals are unhealthy .
Brown said the department would try to cut other programs to find the funds to pay for the benefits , which he estimated would cost at least $ 45.5 million .
`` I told them it costs so much less to make a success story than to bail people out of a catastrophe , '' Shaath said .
Republicans say the president 's approach relies too much on government intervention , costs too much , and burdens small businesses .
A 32-member White House working group last month estimated that the kind of program Clinton envisioned would cost up to $ 15 billion over five years .
Carey has called the four U.S. area conferences an outmoded , redundant layer of bureaucracy run by unelected officials with inflated salaries that costs the financially troubled union $ 15 million a year to maintain .
South Africa 's gross domestic product is greater than its neighbors combined , but Mandela 's government must eliminate the backlogs of apartheid that will cost at least $ 10 billion over five years .
Oregon Assistant Attorney General Denise Fjordbeck said the law would cost Oregon fruit packers millions of dollars annually and force them to repackage apples awaiting shipment in cold storage facilities across the border in Washington state .
One option for Abbott , he says , might be to price sertindole lower than other new antipsychotics , which typically cost about $ 6.50 for a daily dose .
Critics say this is only a small part of the current caseload and point out that government-subsidized jobs also cost the taxpayer money .
Zenga 's over-confidence eventually cost him dear when Argentine Claudio Caniggia beat his ill-timed exit from goal and flicked a header into an empty net in the semifinals .
Adevarul said the operation was costing $ 1 million .
At press time , there was no word on how much bus package tickets would cost .
Els -- whose failure to know what the score was late in his round Sunday might have cost him the championship -- made three of the birdies , but he also made a triple bogey on the second hole .
Myers declined to say just how much the legal representation in these matters is costing the Clintons .
In addition , Occidental will assume responsibility for a Love Canal containment and treatment facility expected to cost another $ 25 million , the state said .
Elsewhere most satellite telephone calls cost well over $ 15 a minute .
Gore expressed confidence that the space station project , which some estimate could cost as much as $ 30 billion in this decade , would go forward despite economic problems in Russia and strong opposition in the U.S. Congress .
We lost steam towards halftime and it cost us the game .
South Carolina Governor Carroll Campbell , who recently dropped out of the race , said he decided not to run when he realized it would cost $ 20 million just to compete for the nomination .
A Deayea blunder had cost his side a point when they lost 2-1 to former European champions the Netherlands last Monday .
Deayea 's blunder cost his team a draw in their 2-1 defeat by the Netherlands last Monday but he more than made up for it on this occasion .
Vogts admitted Germany had tried to play too fast in the first half against the Koreans , wasting valuable energy which cost them dear as players wilted in the scorching temperatures in the second half .
The company also is facing lawsuits in Canada and the United States filed by stockholders who claim Bre-X withheld relevant information and cost them millions of dollars when the stock price collapsed .
( Begin optional trim ) That dispute aside , the other tax-cut proposals endorsed in the budget agreement would cost more than $ 135 billion if fully embraced .
`` Moving electrons over a wire does not cost more money .
To qualify as a bonafide super project , a plan must cost at least $ 1 billion .
In doing so , they generated a backlash that nearly cost them not only their agenda , but also their majority .
And it 's not clear who will pay to clean up the memorial , which cost $ 18 million to build .