The young prosecutor With a small wave of resignation , he then stepped away from the microphone and crumpled into the arms of the Goldman family .
One tank crumpled like wet cardboard in the heat of the neighboring inferno .
Witnesses said that while burning she wrapped her arms around a small tree , then crumpled silently to the ground .
Speaking of Ed McMahon , Dick Clark has to be an alien , and hopefully the cameras will not be on when he crumples into instant alien decrepitude as is likely at any moment .
The pro-war lobby has alleged that the Bosnian Serbs are no more than tipsy amateurs who will crumple at the first sign of Western muscle .
But the flamboyant American crumpled in the third set after netting a straightforward drive to put Larsson 2-0 ahead .
Dry cleaning must be sent out by plane and city clothes tend to get crumpled under voluminous parkas anyways .
It lay crumpled on a hillside where it crashed late Friday .
Video footage of Thursday 's docking clearly showed that Spektr 's solar panel had been crumpled in the collision .
Marked and unmarked ballots were crumpled and strewn about the office , which looked as though it had been ransacked .
Take a walk down a narrow side street behind the Shorja outdoor market instead , and watch the black-market money-changers hawk crumpled Ben Franklins .
A plainclothes policeman reached over Jannusch 's shoulder from behind and crumpled them with a burst of Mace .
Shigeo Itoigawa , 72 , a mechanic on an aircraft carrier , saluted proudly for cameras , but his leathery features crumpled when he was asked about the war .
Participants at a workshop on Achieving Parity in the Workplace for Gays and Lesbians were furious to find their venue crumpled in the mud .
MOORE/El Rosario , Mexico-High on the snow-capped ridges of the central Mexican highlands , thousands of tiny orange-and-black corpses litter the ground , their lacy wings in tatters and their velvety black bodies crumpled .
Gonzales crumpled to the canvas and rolled on the side of his face .
Television footage from St . Thomas , where FEMA officials confirmed five dead , showed oil storage tanks with their metal covers torn off and boats and yachts crumpled and tossed on to shoreline roads .
Sitting in his cluttered office , his agile mind and quick wit belies the slightly-bowed large frame crumpled in a utility chair .
One man crumpled and threw away a leaflet handed to him by a protester , but others reacted more sympathetically .
Feathers pinned to masks and hats crumpled as raucous crowds jostled for space .
A cartoon on the front page of La Repubblica showed the leaders as soccer players crumpled in a tired heap on the field with Northern League leader Umberto Bossi , ball in hand , as referee saying .
Victory assured , four Romanian players crumpled to the Rose Bowl not in celebration but from sheer exhaustion .
Victory assured , four Romanian players crumpled to the Rose Bowl turf not in celebration but from sheer exhaustion .
Yeltsin was under sedation , and in his book he bitterly recounts being helped from his bed and ushered to a waiting car : `` My head was spinning , my legs were crumpling under me .
About 2,000 people died in the Far Eastern oil workers ' town of Neftegorsk last year when rows of apartment buildings crumpled after an earthquake .
It showed white hands crumpling a rejection letter after losing a job to a member of a minority group and accused Gantt of pushing for racial quotas .
Two of the Riverwalk 's three levels crumpled , and parts of it fell into the river .
He shook his head sadly Wednesday as he stood on a hillside , looking at the blackened and crumpled transformers that still smoked from the bombing .
But after seven months of 70-hour weeks he began crumpling over his desk at home and falling asleep.
A revenue-processing technician for the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority , she straightens out dollar bills crumpled in bus fare-collection boxes , using a tiny rake to bring mounds of money on a table closer to her .
Forming its outer wall is The Pancake , also known as The Pile , where the nine-story building crumpled into a mountainous slope of rubble .
Opened out to its full size , it crumpled .
That could suggest a rationale for continuing to shoot the plainclothes officer whom Del-Debbio mistook for a criminal once the plainclothes officer had crumpled to the ground .
Sometimes the putty knife drags along the compound , causing it to `` crumple '' the surface .
Obviously , he 's looking for a big score as a free agent next year , but I keep thinking of him crumpling to the floor his rookie year with the Clippers .
Nearly all of the 30 or so young people in the disco lay dead or dying , crushed and crumpled in the sudden crash of debris in one of Russia 's most powerful earthquakes .
After a 40-minute conversation in his hotel suite , Reynolds grabbed my sheet of questions and crumpled it into a little ball and ripped my reporter 's note pad to shreds .
But if the market crumples , the firm 's more conservative tack would look wise .
A whole middle floor in a hospital disappeared when the ferro-concrete structure crumpled into itself .
Marines hustle aboard and the chopper takes off again , while those at the walls crumple with despair .
Then he flashed pictures of them in death : Goldman crumpled over a tree stump , Nicole Simpson curled in a pool of blood at the foot of her front stairs .
I picked out a bird , swung on it and was about to fire when it crumpled and fell , shot by Larry .
Snow White took a bite anyway , and although she immediately crumpled to the ice , there was no real reason to worry .
As the first ones on the scene , the men Neil Tomlinson , Glenn Wilder and Paul Rudack , all trained in emergency procedures were in the best position to save the four passengers crumpled inside the helicopter .
When Reggie Lewis crumpled on the hardwood two years ago , there was a flashpoint of mourning followed by a thorough , passionless probing of the facts .
In the semifinals , he fired a chopping right that crumpled Santiago Palavecino of Argentina in the corner .
We 've got a young woman crumpled across a seat who makes no noise at all .
The most hardened police officers and firefighters can sometimes be seen crumpled over car hoods near the bomb site , their shoulders wracked by sobs .
While clumsily paced by first-time director Jim Yukich and amateurishly acted , the picture does take place against the imaginative backdrop of New Angeles , the urban archipelago formed when the Big One crumpled Southern California .
And the unconditioned can crumple from stunning knee blows above and below the belt .
Or when university officials , crumpling in the face of protests , un-invite a guest speaker ?
When his family next saw him , Sostre was bleeding , crumpled on the floor of the elevator .
These bags will have to deploy a lot faster to be effective , because side-impact crashes crumple a car more quickly than front-end collisions do .
Witnesses identified Mundy as the man in a sports coat who calmly shot Carver and walked away as her body crumpled into a flower bed just a block from her home .
Officer Tim Reilly of the Englewood Police Department said that he and Officer Ed Murray saw the lightning strike and ran to the foot of the tree where they found several people crumpled on the ground .
Kelly crumpled in pain and had to be lifted and carried off the field by bullpen coach Mark Cresse and assistant trainer Charlie Strasser .
The next few frames , broadcast repeatedly in slow motion Tuesday night , show Rabin beginning to turn , then disappearing from view as he crumples to the pavement .
Danny Tartabull crumpled on Wednesday in his third game with the A 's and had to leave the game with an aggravation of a torn rib-cage muscle .
Christie got a good start in the final , then faded to sixth and slowly crumpled , face down on the track , holding his leg .
In their April rematch , Norris was disqualified after crumpling Santana with a right hand delivered seconds after the bell had ended the third round .
Piazza crumpled to his knees , holding the wrist , but eventually walked to first base .
Defense attorney Barry Scheck turned bright red , quickly crumpled a piece a paper and threw it in a trash can as Ito left the bench .
Which is why a goodly share of the 64,560 paying customers had long since departed when Emmitt crumpled to the turf , grimacing that his left arm had gone numb .
During the so-called Tequila crisis , when Mexican and other Latin American assets plunged in value as the peso crumpled , Bertocci saw the shares of Banco Latinoamericano de Exportaciones SA drop about 20 percent in a three-month period .
Bowe was a glancing blow away from crumpling to the canvas .
It also crumpled the oldest part of the Oni synagogue .
With abundant deer munching shrubs and crumpling cars , state governments are working to lure women and children to hunting , and are even promoting hunts in the way that tour companies plug cruises .
With the winner crumpled in the sepia-tinted dirt , gritty loser Chesnokov found nobody to shake hands with .
Ruelas simply crumpled to the mat , took an eight-count , got up and tried to continue , searched for ways to gain a breather , and then finally was deemed unable to go on .
Two plays into the Patriots ' second series of the day , veteran Saints free safety Vince Buck moved in to stop Curtis Martin and crumpled to the ground with a fractured right fibula .
The lists are scribbled , typewritten , crumpled , folded neatly .
`` This is murder , '' the last one said , accompanied by the pictures crumpled and crammed inside .
He took a eucalyptus leaf , crumpled it between his fingers , and popped it in his mouth .
Jabs and body blows crumpled Smith in the second round , and after 30 seconds of the third round , the referee waved his arms , terminating the bout .
Forbes ' suits fit badly sleeves too long , collar crumpled and his shoes are unpolished .
Then she sighed , her forehead crumpling in worry .
Nearby on a yellow sedan , most of an `` Israel Scorns Rabin '' sticker had likewise been ripped from a window and lay crumpled in a ball by the rear wheel .
The tangled remains of Srebrenica 's two mosques are still crumpled on its main street .
His body is crumpled , leaving him bound to a wheelchair and virtually unable to move .
Then , as he raised his hand and seemed to crumple in relief , they let out a shout .
But Astacio , who received a rotation reprieve when Ramon Martinez crumpled with a nasty groin injury early this month , clearly has other designs .
British Gas Plc and other utilities have crumpled under a barrage of regulatory concerns .
The military decided to do nothing , and the union crumpled into 15 independent countries within two weeks .
De la Ra 's expected victory does n't signify a return of Radical support , which crumpled when the 1983-89 administration of former President Raul Alfonsin collapsed amid hyperinflation and economic stagnation .
De la Rua 's expected victory does n't signify a return of Radical support , which crumpled when the 1983-89 administration of former President Raul Alfonsin collapsed amid hyperinflation and economic stagnation .
Helms won his race against Democrat Harvey Gantt after running a controversial ad that showed a white man 's hands crumpling a paper after being rejected for a job that went to a member of a minority group .
As Ito walked off the bench , Scheck jumped to his feet , began flailing his arms , tore a page off his legal pad , crumpled it and threw it at a wastepaper basket 10 feet away .
Last week in practice , Julson absorbed what in boxing is euphemistically called a low blow , and he crumpled to the court under one of the baskets .
The scene , in which Wright 's face slowly crumples as he watches a video of Warhol , is one of the film 's most moving .
A competitor has a giant dinosaur sculpture with a gorilla doll crumpled in its mouth .
But when they come down from the mountain , and Nell gets a load of civilization , the movie crumples under the weight of its cliches .
Hamsun examines each character in this bittersweet puppet show , shakes his head at their follies , then allows them to crumple back into the toy box .
Pettitte crumpled on the mound while the Yankees chased the wayward baseball and held Perez to a single .
If you have been an occasional reader of Side Glances , perhaps skimming it while crumpling newspapers before firing up your grill , you have noticed several gratuitous mentions of Sheboygan .
He bent over with his arms crumpled against his chest .
Some of the models must have gotten earlier lifts home in this limo , because all the drink containers are empty and various food wrappers are crumpled and scattered on the floor .
His 11th hour television ad in the 1990 campaign showing a pair of white hands crumpling a job rejection notice a victim of affirmative action quotas , the ad said was devastating .
Six years ago , Helms played the race card in a campaign ad that showed a pair of white hands crumpling a pink slip .
Fernando Gomez , lit a cigarette and gazed at the body crumpled in the bullet-riddled van .
Nonetheless , faced with the corrosive charms of Rees 's Hero , who is sent to seduce Lucile by the Countess , she crumples most affectingly .