She had been depressed since Cobain was found dead after shooting himself April 5 in his Seattle home .
Housing markets are n't depressed or overheating , affordability remains good and interest rates low .
`` He is not very sick but he was feeling tired , worried and depressed after last week 's upheaval .
Crissy Rock , a British stand-up comic , plays a mother whose six children are taken from her by the social services in this powerful but deadeningly depressing Ken Loach film .
Ford should see the greatest percentage increase in earnings because heavy start-up costs for its redesigned Ford Taurus depressed last year 's earnings , Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. analyst Ronald Glantz said .
Just as the markets tolerated an overvalued peso until last week , they are now badly rattled and have depressed it far below its true value .
Folks have grown tired of `` practical '' cars that are practically depressing ugly , unimaginative , utilitarian things that turn each trip into a chore .
With a sultry style and emotion matched by few in cabaret , the 43-year-old New York native who now resides in Los Angeles is able to make the happiest patron feel depressed about the pain of unrequited love .
In Bangkok , prices closed mixed in cautious trading as talk of bad debts in the financial sector continued to depress the market .
Amnesty , which issued the report after its members visited the prison in March , also said some inmates had become severely depressed in the unit , which was opened in November 1991 .
Two lower courts had already cleared Chabot , who gave a fatal dose of sleeping pills to a severely depressed but otherwise healthy woman at her request .
Sanders said rBGH is already causing noticable overproduction of milk , which could depress prices farmers are paid and would mean the government would be forced to buy back the surplus .
It also was hurt by a decline in prices for cold rolled stainless steel and strip prices of about 25 % from a year ago , depressing operating margins .
That prospect has depressed prices and made it tougher to trade the bonds under scrutiny .
-0- That means no more hiding out frustrated and depressed in a hotel room .
With the salmon market depressed because of a glut of product , the boats are being sent to California .
Medical patients with mental disorders are more likely to start by mentioning physical symptoms such as fatigue rather than by saying they are depressed .
At California State University , Northridge , Al Wright , professor of leisure studies , says he is staggered , overwhelmed and depressed at how little students know of the real world around them .
Our goal is a world of middle-class consumers eager to buy our products , not a world where low-priced imports flood our market , depressing wages in industries and sectors that have to compete with those imports .
Madeline 's lawyers plan to argue that the will was revised a month before Dorris ' death , when he was severely depressed after his separation from Erdrich .
Many Germans no longer take pains to hide fears that a sharp rise in foreign residents will transform society and depress living standards .
Then I get frustrated , even depressed , when I get real and admit to myself that that side of my brain will never work that well .
Globalization , including import competition and immigration , has increased the supply and depressed the relative and absolute wages of less-skilled , high school-educated workers .
Earlier in the spring , the company had said sales of seasonal items were depressed by unseasonably cool weather .
Booze has long been known to depress sexual arousal in men , so scientists have often wondered how alcohol gained its reputation as an aid in the seduction of women .
Government sources familiar with the report have said that Fiske had found that Foster , a deputy White House counsel and longtime friend of the Clintons , killed himself because he was depressed .
Reporting from Dallas , local channel 9 sportscaster Fernando Niembro said the Argentine players were deeply depressed by the news of Maradona 's positive test .
The sources familiar with the report have said Fiske has accepted the official U.S. Park Police version that Foster , a deputy White House counsel and longtime friend of the Clintons , killed himself because he was depressed .
Depressed by thoughts of these cultural atrocities , we returned to Turpan and cheered ourselves up with the spectacle of its street life .
When I talk about volunteerism , people look at me like I 'm crazy and that 's the black middle-class attitude across the country , which is depressing , '' she said .
Italian fans and newspapers were angry rather than depressed by an eight-match ban imposed on Mauro Tassotti for breaking an opponent 's nose in a World Cup quarter-final .
`` She became clinically depressed over the loss of her entire family in the Second World War , '' psychiatrist Dr Julian Hughes said in a statement read at the inquest .
Nikolic was depressed by his defeat and by what it meant for the future of chess .
Both found that Foster was depressed over his work at the White House , including criticism he received about his handling of the travel office controversy , in which seven veteran employees were fired and replaced by Clinton backers .
Police say Bernardin , 78 , had been depressed for some time before he shot himself in the head , but friends were baffled by the suicide .
Minneapolis-based Cargill had warned that record-high grain prices during the summer would depress earnings .
Fear of depressing business activity is , under most circumstances , a significant impediment to fiscal retrenchment .
The report said Casolaro was depressed , concerned about his professional failures and his inability to generate money from his Inslaw probe .
The sweeping purges of the Cultural Revolution promoted by Mao meant little to him , Li said , but he became depressed by the accompanying famine .
Despite recent sluggish earnings that had depressed its share price , Loctite has a strong reputation with investors for its marketing savvy , technology and commitment to research .
Notes in a diary found at the scene suggested they were depressed over Cobain 's death , police said .
But B.A.T said it has n't ruled out sloughing off its tobacco and financial-services businesses because tobacco litigation in the U.S. has depressed its stock price .
The sanctions have blocked Iraq 's critical oil exports , severely depressing its economy .
The draft includes an annual licensing fee of $ 700 which , at more than double China 's average annual urban income , appears to be depressing the dog market .
Saudi shopping malls are depressing havens for hundreds of bored , lonely Filipino , Egyptian and Pakistani men , who stand listlessly in the corridors on most weekday evenings .
( Begin optional trim ) He added , however , that it was still too soon to say whether the earthquake would increase or depress economic output in 1995 .
They charge that the agreement will give big business greater access to low cost workers overseas , further depressing U.S. wages .
Many pollsters also suspect there is a hidden anti-Clinton vote that will depress his numbers as in 1992 .
The classmates said the boy was also depressed about recent poor examination results .
It was originally approved in 1991 as an adjunct therapy for cancer patients whose white blood cell levels are often severely depressed by chemotherapy .
Still , it 's tough to find any reason why this most modern Range Rover can still be closed and locked by the antique method of depressing the lock button and slamming the door .
Thomas Alderman , attorney for the plaintiffs , argued that the law threatened the terminally ill who may be depressed .
Sagan , who appeared for the first time Wednesday at the week-old trial , acknowledged that she had consumed cocaine to help her work as she had been depressed by the deaths of close friends .
Against that background , his marriage to Serbia 's most popular singer is a huge and colorful event in a country depressed by four years of war and weakened by sanctions .
The film is a depressing chronicle of how willing Austrians were , even at such a late date in the war , to murder .
Mexico 's economic crisis also is expected to depress growth slightly through the first three quarters of this year by drying up its potential as a market for U.S. exports .
The betting is high that Deutsche Bank will go that route and sell shares , further depressing Sysdeco 's price .
In 1996 , market participants say , rumors that European central banks will sell more gold reserves have depressed gold prices .
Tax rises have also depressed voters who are increasingly attracted to the more moderate Labor party .
The newspaper quoted an MMS spokeswoman denying those charges and saying MMS was examining reports that oil companies were depressing California prices of crude oil through their control of pipelines , thus reducing their royalty payments .
Relatives said Cheyenne Brando , 25 , had been depressed since the murder of her boyfriend Dag Drollet by her half-brother Christian nearly five years ago , and had made three previous suicide attempts .
Relatives said Cheyenne Brando , 25 , had been depressed since the murder of her boyfriend Dag Drollet by half-brother Christian nearly five years ago , and had made three previous suicide attempts .
Cumene , also known as isopropyl benzine , is a highly toxic , colorless liquid that depresses the central nervous system .
Before Conner 's incredible charge , home town club members were depressed about the prospects of taking on Black Magic , winner of an amazing 36 of 38 challenger races .
Large deficits , along with other payments such as the billions sent back to their home countries by immigrants put large amounts of dollars in foreign hands and depress the currency 's value .
But Chavez , who chain-smoked during the interview , seemed depressed about his future .
Depressed by the shooting in which a dorm mate was one of the students killed , she left without a degree but with a job designing houses for a developer .
He is taking medication for an irregular heartbeat and , Russian space officials say , is depressed over the series of problems that have made this mission one of the most accident-plagued in the annals of space travel .
To watch Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright pretend to like him is to be depressed by what politics requires of good people .
Today 's debate is not about whether children can be depressed , but about the best way to treat them .
Arrhythmia said uncertainty surrounding proposed health care reform has significantly depressed sales .
The rumors had depressed the Deutsche Bank 's stock by 4 percent initially , although it cut its loss later .
Net income was depressed by additional shares issued in the company 's initial public offering last September and by higher operating costs during the quarter , Royal Grip said .
Demand had improved not only in the United States , but even more so in Europe , where an economic slump had depressed earnings in recent years .
The strength of the Swiss franc against major currencies has depressed first-quarter sales at most Swiss multinationals .
Indian shares have been depressed for the past two months , affecting the domestic prices of Indian equities .
The Federal Reserve 's failure to respond to the employment data with an interest rate hike , combined with surging oil prices , put upward pressure on the recently depressed metals .
Companies that now supply 90 percent of the market do n't want the government opening the spigot and depressing prices .
He found out about the assault in April when he read his stepdaughter 's diary in an effort to discover why she had been depressed .
When she tested their children at 4 years old , she found the boys of mothers who had been depressed had significantly lower IQs than the girls of depressed mothers .
This is a serious newsgroup ; do n't read it unless you need the help , you want to help or you want to lurk and be depressed .
A series of interviews left him profoundly depressed by the hostile reactions stirred by his marathon swim across the Atlantic .
Hubbell said Foster had been deeply depressed by attacks on him in the press over his handling of the dismissal of White House travel office staff and had indicated he did not trust the White House telephones .
China 's criticism depressed Taiwan share prices as investors feared relations with China -- fast becoming Taiwan 's biggest export market -- may remain sour as long as Lee is in power .
They said the radiation from tanning booths not only aged skin , but could cause cancer and possibly depress the immune system .
The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants is considering making it harder for software companies to incur revenue immediately from contracts , a move that would likely depress short-term earnings for many in the industry .
Analysts said the verdict likely will continue to depress the stock until the issue is resolved .
The producer trades freedom for security , discarding the possibilities and volatility of an open market for a reliable return , assured of help from De Beers when the market becomes glutted or depressed .
Analysts said private spending , a key to economic growth , would show some recovery because consumption in January-March was depressed by the massive earthquake in central Japan .
On Thursday a policeman saying he was depressed emptied his gun in a crowded rush-hour subway car , killing three people and wounding five .
The full lifting of United Nations sanctions on Iraqi oil exports could depress prices and cut into Riyadh 's eight million barrel per day ( bpd ) output .
The case in favor of KMT is that it is a former highflier that has been overly depressed by the soft South Korean stock market and by worries about competition from other cellular-service providers .
`` Not having a career seems to lack status so people felt isolated and sometimes got depressed .
The prospect of a hung parliament has depressed stock prices this month as investors fear the repercussions of a weakening of the Nationalist Party , which pours vast funds into supporting business and openly tries to boost share prices .
WASHINGTON The dramatic plunge in credit ratings of District of Columbia bonds last week sent shivers through investors who own the bonds , further depressing prices of the $ 1 billion in uninsured city paper held nationwide .
A second factor depressing earnings is the launch of new products , including a new type of frame called the X-Metal , which Oakley is prereleasing next week .
Blacks in South Central often resent the immigrants for depressing wages .
And not only are many of them losing money on every animal sold , they are flooding an already glutted beef market , which further depresses prices .
Two U.S. auctions are expected to depress that market even further from this week 's currency-dominated weakness .
`` What depresses me more about it than anything else is the utter destruction of the intelligence of a noble profession . ''