His chief rival , state Sen. James E. McGreevey , disdains such a promise as `` premature , '' but claims he can equitably finance the schools and balance the budget simply by managing the state 's resources better .
His social activism has taken him to places that many Americans either ignore or disdain Ethiopia , Somalia , Rwanda and North Korea .
According to the exhibition catalogue , Redon disdained these parallels to literary works and trends , and he often tried to deflect analysis by leaving his works undated and untitled .
Hillary came to epitomize much of what the voters disdained about the Clinton White House .
album where Guns n' Roses covered old punk gems , and he generally disdains current mainstream rock bands like Pearl Jam .
The former history professor is revered by younger , conservative Republicans , but disdained by Democrats who blame his often ruthless tactics for the loss of their majority .
Thus the establishment press can titillate readers and viewers while disdaining the tawdry tactics involved .
But panelists said using nouns as verbs , or verbing , should not be disdained .
Clinton 's initial agenda , it will be recalled , was precisely the sort of heavy-handed government that he now disdains .
Witnesses said youths , disdaining Israeli fire , stood in full view on rooftops and hurled concrete blocks and large stones at troops .
He mostly disdained rallies , campaigned little in person and avoided pressing the flesh .
Like so many politicians , he disdains the vulgar masses he is sworn to serve .
The wavy-haired Ter-Petrosyan , who disdains what his aides call `` election propaganda , '' has run a campaign which portrays him as a guarantor of peace and stability but emphasises the many difficult problems ahead .
The wavy-haired Ter-Petrosyan , who disdains what his aides call `` election propaganda , '' has run a campaign which portrays him as a guarantor of peace and stability but emphasizes the many difficult problems ahead .
Ecuador 's President Abdala Bucaram , a genial , portly man who disdains suits for shirtsleeves and calls himself the `` superhero '' of the poor , is not your average world leader .
Ironically , social smokers are often stridently antismoking , disdaining the habit and the tobacco industry .
Asked whom they disdained , they put Hillary Rodham Clinton near the top of the list .
He also disdained cash , a mistake in retrospect .
Some will see any discussion of it as a threat to feminist gains , while others will disdain it as a warmed-over excuse for Great Society-type spending schemes .
Others , including more than a few family scholars , neglect it or disdain it .
He deplores popular culture , disdains celebrity , ascribes his early success to LSD , betrays a limited understanding of his fantasy life and seems resigned to replay endlessly the hurts and humiliations of high school .
Schelke , too , disdains the long-distance carriers for the time being .
The Japanese government disdains such targets : In the recent auto settlement , the Japanese steadfastly refused to provide guaranteed numbers for increased auto production in America by Japanese manufacturers .
Except for the sweet twang of steel guitars , I have always disdained country music .
Today , many look to German growers to produce dry , robust wines to go with fish and game , and disdain the sweet white table wine of the `` Liebfraumilch '' ilk that they used to enjoy .
While Aristide was still maintaining a grim , tight-lipped silence on Monday and Tuesday about the new agreement , which he privately disdained , members of Congress took to the floor , furiously demanding he show more gratitude .
They disdain the field goal because they need a touchdown .
Youth , having no need for such euphemisms , disdains them .
These works incorporate one of the great themes of the operatic tradition : the meeting with the Other , the being who is an outsider , who is alien , marginalized , feared or disdained .
Not all academicians disdain these journals there are now about 18,000 worldwide , with most published in the United States but many acknowledge a declining interest in them .
Homeless groups suspect the choice was affected by the number of residents and businesses in the area who disdain the homeless .
He disdains the path of least resistance for the shortest distance between two points .
But in choosing Tom Daschle of South Dakota over Christopher J. Dodd of Connecticut , the warlords disdained the value of propaganda in revolutionary times ; Dodd is a much sharper spokesman than Daschle .
Below the surface lie tensions created by a traditional U.N. peacekeeping culture that often disdains military solutions or even military expertise .
A man , however , who has no stomach for the fight leaves the impression that he disdains politics and the need to carry voters with him .
Ignoring the inflation rate over two decades , Pitts charged Presidents Nixon , Ford , Reagan and Bush $ 25 each to wash and cut their hair , disdaining the higher prices set by some of his fellow barbers .
But fortunately for us , he never completely succeeded in resisting the sensual temptations he disdained , and that 's what makes his paintings so engaging .
Unlike some of his predecessors , Cuomo rarely used the ornate room while in office , disdaining the formality of its stained glass and wood-paneled walls .
Eclipsed by events , they were heading toward producing the very thing they had disdained a dust-mustering report .
Mandela was something of a black nationalist and , as he explained in his autobiography , he disdained Communism as a foreign , white ideology .
Mandela was something of a black nationalist at that time , and , as he explained in his recent autobiography , he disdained Communism as a foreign , white ideology .
Even young people who disdained the street protesters still sought loopholes in the law to avoid the draft .
While Coleman may disdain sprints at the end of practice , he has not lost his winning instincts at the end of a game .
Disdaining the harshness and hyperbole common to contemporary political discourse , Clinton and Gingrich took every opportunity to find points of agreement .
And when he played quarterback , it was as if he had long since disdained the graceful glory that often attends the position , opting instead for grit over glamour .
Many Hutu and Tutsi moderates disdain the whole notion that they are ethnically distinct , deriding the idea as a convenient colonial fantasy .
For a man who disdains the federal government , he has spent a great deal of time involved in it and campaigning to get or stay in it .
Right now , it would be hard to find anything more disdained by amateur investors than commodities .
But Ford disdained the Celtics ' inclination to match 3-pointers , and he twice called timeouts in the first three minutes of the final quarter .
During a tough round of talks in the spring of 1978 , Guinan disdained reports of progress as the figments of naive journalists .
Her lonely , quixotic crusade jarred the jaded and the cynical with a lesson often overlooked by a society that disdains nonconformity : sometimes , only a radical heart can force change .
They disdain the romance that characterizes soul music and pop as the equivalent of living in Disneyland .
He also disdains the press , declining interviews and refusing to allow television coverage of his speeches .
Opinions about the day 's events varied from pride to disdain .
Still , many marketers perceive Freeman as a one-trick pony , disdaining him as a purveyor of laughs for laughter 's sake .
Cheek by Jowl disdains that easy way but finds no better solution for Webster 's frigid callowness .
`` I am not trying to create an image of me , like Robert Mondavi has done , '' said Jackson , who avoids the wine social scene and disdains politics .
The princess was extremely informal , said Goldman , disdaining a formal tour to strike out immediately across the great lawn ( in white leather espadrilles ) .
Though J.Q . Adams 's family disdained her she , after all , was not a Bostonian even they must have been impressed by her remarkable accomplishment .
Until recently , hospitals in the city disdained the idea that they needed to adapt to a changing health care landscape , one increasingly dominated by managed-care companies and their attention to cost containment .
Shalala finds it noteworthy , though not particularly surprising , that congressional Republicans support foreign volunteerism but disdain the domestic version .
He disdained the art form as entertainment for the upper classes .
Richardson disdains training and is perpetually late , often missing the team plane , his coach said .
He recalls the first wife who walked out on him , the estranged second wife he disdains ( although she supports him ) , and especially dead Drenka , the mistress who shared his sexual adventures .
Nor is there one of John Adams , who disdained the conspicuous wealth of the merchant Nicholas Boylston , whom Copley painted in an opulent morning coat and a red turban .
According to a Congressional Budget Office projection , the Roberts bill so disdained by cotton farmers like McLendon would , in the first year , have actually increased total subsidies to cotton growers by $ 443 million .
Disdained by those who have n't read her and admired by those who have , Ann Beattie has the unfortunate task of being the literary scapegoat for her generation .
Bradford disdains critics who consider her books lacking in literary merit .
The difference might be that , with Lofton , Cleveland is capable of manufacturing an occasional run or two , something the Braves seem to disdain .
Chili is obliged to find the money and deliver it to Ray Barboni ( Dennis Farina ) , a hapless mobster who enjoys violence as much as Chili disdains it .
The negative title implied that Nimoy disdained the logic-bound science officer from the planet Vulcan and maybe the whole `` Star Trek '' universe .
I never surrendered to the possibility of permanent reconciliation with a sport that I once loved but have learned to disdain .
Some Americans tend to see foreign diplomats in Washington as a high-living lot big-spending , party-hopping womanizers who disdain local custom and law .
The Original Ones , those multipierced snowboard veterans , surely will disdain the latest innovation as the doom of the sport .
Rabin , who disdained lobbying , never strove hard to retain religious or other coy supporters .
Yitzhak Rabin was a man who got around and was in touch , though he disdained diplomatic niceties .
Though he disdains investing based on market and economic cycles , he employs a style of investing that tends toward big consumer goods companies whose stocks are undervalued .
While it is plain that he disdains many of Clinton 's policies , his sharp tongue avoids insulting the president .
Typically , Texas lost because Royal disdaining a tie had ordered a two-point conversion attempt that failed in the closing moments .
Director of Europe 's largest garden-design practice , Stevens is a master of long-term planning who disdains the impulse purchase .
He disdains political correctness and even though his most controversial poems are reserved for sympathetic audiences he generally speaks his mind and lets the chips fall where they may .
The Bretons , like many village dwellers , openly disdain the trends that fade in and out in urban Europe .
Not surprisingly , the key to his strategy has been to distance himself as far as possible from the Washington Democrats who are so disdained in southern Mississippi .
For some of the same reasons they disdained Harry Truman .
Masterson plays an uptight high-financier who disdains emotional attachments for grim reasons forged in childhood .
Pepsi-Cola Co. has spent most of this decade in seeming agreement with Ralph Waldo Emerson 's assessment of consistency , disdaining it as the hobgoblin of little minds or perhaps of minds located in Atlanta .
While he disdains the turnaround label , many past National executives say his espousal of the term transformation is at odds with his actual management style , and the results he has achieved .
Mr. Batchelor 's narrative skills prevent the reader from drowning in names and dates , and he generously answers questions a scholar might disdain : Why did the Whigs disappear overnight and the Republicans take their place ?
Furthermore , he generally disdained the use of loincloths on otherwise nude models in drawing classes and suggested that his students save money by modeling for one another .
The company has met with great success among the very shoppers who disdain canned foods : upper-middle-class women , 25 to 55 , who have gone to college .
In the Soviet Union , Socialist Realism triumphed over the avant-garde artists who had disdained the Realists at the start of the Revolution .
Denby relies on his own pleasure as the critical criterion for those books he celebrates , disdaining `` joyless appreciation '' as the `` academic curse . ''
Maverick Redford , meanwhile , disdains the requisite politicking , walks out when things get too circus-like in Miami and follows Pfeiffer to Philadephia .
Being conservative , as Doggett and the others described it , means embracing self-reliance and disdaining the racial preferences that put more minority workers in jobs and more minority students in university classrooms .
But to continuing public dismay , the paper disdains `` correcting '' news judgment to avoid sustaining stereotypes or appearing to be prejudiced .
These `` engineers '' were once disdained in the world of broadcasting as interlopers without vision , unable to distinguish between turbines and televisions .
Although Picasso is widely acclaimed as the greatest artist of the 20th century , current attitudes toward him range from reverence to disdain .
Hall and his colleagues are once again ensuring that Wilde finds favor among the lower orders that he disdained but whose acclaim he could n't live without .
Although the rhetoric and advertising dollars have been flying in recent weeks in a classic confrontation between big business and lawyers -- two groups often disdained by the general public -- the outcome is unlikely to resolve the issue .
He disdains architects , whose every stroke of a pen or punch of a computer key makes him adjust his battle plan .