Taking a wife half his age for himself , he started arranging `` love matches , '' urging members to dissolve existing marriages and choose new partners for three-year pairings .
Parliamentary Speaker Jozef Aleksy , also an SLD member , said Sunday that he did not see any legal way for Walesa to dissolve parliament and called the threat `` harmful '' to the country 's political stability .
Walesa responded by threatening to dissolve parliament and call elections if it approves the motion .
Babbitt , whose candidacy dissolved last time around when environmental groups said they needed him at the Interior Department , was identified as perhaps the top contender by Cable News Network .
BOSTON ( Reuter ) - A drug widely used to dissolve gallstones can also produce a long-term delay in the progression of primary biliary cirrhosis , a chronic liver disease , according to a new study .
Hata said he would refuse to dissolve the Lower House for snap elections , since that would be tantamount to nullifying hard-won political reforms which have not yet gone into effect .
LONDON ( Reuter ) - Hospital officials said Wednesday they were investigating reports that a seventh person had died from a bacteria that literally dissolves human flesh .
This means the bacteria literally dissolves tissue , causing the skin above to die and leading to deadly gangrene .
Health officials in Germany , Norway , Iceland and the Netherlands said Wednesday that they too were dealing with cases of streptococcus A infection , which dissolves fat and muscle , quickly killing many of its victims .
Doctors are trying to establish whether two other deaths in Scotland and south-west England were definitely due to necrotizing fasciitis , which dissolves fat and muscle , causing deadly gangrene .
Garcia went into self-imposed exile in Colombia in April 1992 after President Alberto Fujimori dissolved Congress , reorganized the judiciary and seized special powers to combat guerrilla violence and economic chaos .
The conflict erupted in bloodshed last autumn when Yeltsin overrode the constitution and dissolved the parliament .
Residents are convinced that President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's northern army has lost momentum in its drive to bring down southern leaders who last month declared the 1990 unification of north and south dissolved .
One of his first acts was to dissolve existing democratic institutions .
Yeltsin visited another elite armed forces group in September last year , days before issuing a decree dissolving the old parliament which sparked the uprising .
But three years after he signed the Brest pact that dissolved the Soviet Union , along with Yeltsin and Ukrainian President Leonid Kravchuk , he stands little chance .
Kyodo news agency reported that Hata , prime minister for just nine weeks , was ready to dissolve the Lower House and call snap general elections should the coalition lose the confidence vote .
PARIS ( Reuter ) - Skepticism at home over France 's intervention in Rwanda began dissolving Saturday as French media reported the accounts of massacre survivors and their relief at being protected by soldiers .
At less hostile dances , gangs will charge at one another , fists and feet flying , only to dissolve into laughter when bouncers try to break things up .
It was Dole who suggested that he loan Gingrich the money as a face-saving way of dissolving the dispute .
Like the Nuremberg tribunal that emerged from World War II , these bodies will eventually dissolve .
MOSCOW The president of the strategic Crimean peninsula announced in a radio broadcast early Sunday that he is assuming `` full power '' and dissolving the newly elected Parliament that had sought to curb his authority .
Meshkov 's timetable seemed cribbed from Russian President Boris N. Yeltsin , who , upon dissolving the hard-line Supreme Soviet last September , promised to hold new elections and a referendum on a new draft constitution three months later .
But on the witness stand Tuesday , he testified that he has changed his opinion because a heavy rainstorm later in the day of the bombing would have dissolved the crystals .
Do not overbeat , or egg will dissolve into dressing .
In the past 16 months , Corder 's father died , his trucking business collapsed and his marriage dissolved .
Although he never quite said so , it was for that reason that French President Jacques Chirac dissolved the legislature , the National Assembly , 10 months ahead of schedule and called new elections .
And Chirac can hardly be pleased that it was through his political error dissolving the assembly and calling the legislative elections 10 months ahead of schedule that the left came to power .
Others dissolved classrooms and formed multi-age teams , where children worked on `` self-paced '' research projects .
Warm gelatin mixture over low heat , stirring , until completely dissolved , 3 to 5 minutes .
Yeltsin 's renewed vigor has left his Communist and nationalist opponents on the ropes politically ; many have been privately expressing fear that the president will dissolve the parliament and call new elections at their moment of vulnerability .
`` If even 10 percent of the solvent remains after remediation , '' Pope said , `` then it will continue to dissolve in the water for a very long time and pollute large amounts of additional groundwater .
Now seven schools , in effect , have been dissolved and told to start over .
She watched for a long time as it drifted , then dissolved .
The judge ordered Viacom and Universal to dissolve the partnership on their own or to submit separate plans to him by July 11 .
Adrian moves in , instead , with David and Catherine , ex-hippie New Zealanders who squat in a derelict building and whose mutual attachment is dissolving into mutual loathing .
These militias , formed during ethnic and political fighting in 1993 , were officially dissolved two years later under a peace accord .
PALE , Bosnia Members of the Bosnian Serb parliament defiantly met Friday to consider impeaching President Biljana Plavsic , less than 24 hours after she dissolved their assembly and ordered new elections .
Key international bodies defended Plavsic 's constitutional right to dissolve parliament and denounced the apparent behind-the-scenes politicking by Karadzic , who was banned from political activity a year ago .
Plavsic , who became president in internationally monitored elections after Karadzic was forced to step down last year under the terms of the peace agreement , issued a decree dissolving parliament Thursday .
The Soviet Union has disappeared and the military coalition it organized and controlled , the Warsaw Pact , has been dissolved .
Martinez had the experience to deal with the situation as Davenport dissolved on her first Center Court appearance .
From Argentina 's best-loved folk singer to little children , tears rolled everywhere as the public 's initial anger dissolved into a sea of sympathy for the stocky captain and his emotional denials of wrongdoing .
Argentines cried for Maradona as initial anger dissolved into sympathy and people spun endless theories as to why he wrecked his career and their World Cup chances .
Martinez dissolved into tears at courtside after winning an absorbing contest of supreme quality against the 37-year-old holder of a record nine singles titles at Wimbledon and 18 grand slam singles titles overall .
An official source in Sanaa told Reuters the government had begun consultations over a new Cabinet , which would include southerners who had opposed a bid by southern leaders to dissolve a united Yemen formed in 1990 .
President Ali Abdullah Saleh ordered northern troops out of conquered Aden Sunday and sent an offer of improved ties to neighboring Saudi Arabia , which sympathized with southern leaders who tried to dissolve their 1990 unification with the north .
The Israeli military government would be withdrawn and civil administration dissolved .
Israeli forces will remain responsible for the security of Israeli settlers but the Israeli military government will be withdrawn and the civil administration dissolved .
China has vowed to dissolve the elected Council and Patten 's said such statements demonstrate Beijing 's shortsightedness and ignorance of Hong Kong .
Plastics traditionally have been made by dissolving into a solvent a chemical base known as a monomer .
After so many broken tax promises in recent years from presidents of both parties , the American people are perfectly justified in believing that yet another campaign promise of tax relief will dissolve after the election .
The Arkansas attorney general responded immediately with a petition seeking to dissolve the stay .
The Congress dissidents said when parliament was dissolved , King Birendra should have appointed another member of the party as prime minister .
The king said in his broadcast : `` I am dissolving the parliament and government of Lesotho with immediate effect because of dissatisfaction '' among his subjects .
In opting to dissolve their executives instead , the government may be hoping to tempt oil workers back to their jobs .
The Ketchikan mill is one of about 15 worldwide that produces dissolving pulp , a material used to make rayon and other industrial materials .
King Letsie last Wednesday dissolved the government of Prime Minister Ntsu Mokhehle , saying people in the southern African country were dissatisfied with it .
`` The association 's executive body dissolved by government should have its original status quo maintained until then , '' he said .
The statement said Abacha had dissolved the boards of all federal companies and agencies .
`` One of the main achievements was that we dissolved all the barriers between the Kuwaitis themselves -- barriers related to family and ancestor background .
Letsie sparked a constitutional row August 17 when he dissolved Mokhehle 's government , saying it no longer enjoyed popular support .
Yeltsin 's return almost coincided with the anniversary of a hardline revolt in Moscow triggered by Yeltsin 's order to dissolve the Soviet-era conservative parliament September 21 last year .
The rally was addressed by former vice president Alexander Rutskoi , who was sworn in as president by the rebel parliament hours after Yeltsin went on national television on September 21 , 1993 to announce the legislature was dissolved .
Yeltsin 's television announcement that he was dissolving parliament and calling a referendum on a new constitution was aimed at putting an end to a year of debilitating struggle for power between parliament and president .
They said the river 's strong current appeared to be dissolving the spill .
Anti-narcotics agents have long been accustomed to the ingenuity of Colombia 's traffickers , who have sent cocaine abroad sewn into the buttocks of couriers , dissolved into the material of suitcases and even stuffed into a dead baby .
The former Soviet-era parliament proclaimed Rutskoi acting president after Yeltsin dissolved it last September .
Yeltsin , who violently dissolved the previous parliament , said in a message to the Duma Wednesday that more than 200 items of prospective legislation were waiting to be dealt with , leaving no place for political squabbling .
The center of Tel Aviv dissolved into mayhem as bloodied survivors crawled out of the bus and hundreds of pedestrians stood in shock , rage and tears .
But rebel Serb leaders say they remain opposed to dissolving their self-declared Republic of Serb Krajina ( RSK) and submitting to the Croatian government 's authority .
As a blood thinner , aspirin can help to prevent clots from re-forming once they have been dissolved .
Reynolds was expected to ask President Mary Robinson to dissolve parliament when the no-confidence motion is voted .
`` If the government were defeated , the government would resign and the Prime Minister would ask the Queen to dissolve parliament , '' the statement said .
`` If the government were defeated , the government would resign and the prime minister would ask the queen to dissolve parliament , '' the highly unusual statement said .
`` For the time being , I have no plans to dissolve parliament or reshuffle the cabinet , '' he said on the last day of the current 66-day session of parliament .
The president can dissolve parliament in an emergency , but the next legislative elections are not due until 1998 .
The president can dissolve parliament in an emergency but the next legislative elections are not due until 1998 .
`` We must wait until it is clear that this coalition has dissolved because of its internal contradictions , because it was misshapen from the beginning , '' Buttiglione said .
Berlusconi went to the presidential Quirinale Palace for talks with Scalfaro , the ultimate arbiter in Italian politics with the power to dissolve parliament .
Berlusconi had 90 minutes of talks at the presidential Quirinale Palace with Scalfaro , the ultimate arbiter in Italian politics with the power to dissolve parliament .
After Berlusconi has done that , Scalfaro must decide whether to name someone to try to form a new government , Italy 's 54th since World War Two , or dissolve parliament and call new elections .
Radisson filed suit two years later to dissolve its partnership with Mr. Tatum 's company , claiming Mr. Tatum misappropriated funds from the center .
He must decide whether to try to find someone to head Italy 's 54th government since World War II or dissolve parliament and call a fresh election .
Scalfaro , the supreme arbiter in Italian political crises , must decide whether to dissolve parliament and call immediate elections or seek a successor to Berlusconi to head Italy 's 54th government since World War II .
He said opposition parties would be forced to take `` harsher action '' if the government failed to dissolve parliament soon .
But he added that he thought changing prime minister was inadvisable at this point and said he would want guarantees from Scalfaro that parliament would be dissolved and a date set for elections in return for stepping aside .
ROME ( Reuter ) - Italy 's president , under pressure from outgoing Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to call snap elections , said Saturday he was obliged to see if a new government can be formed before dissolving parliament .
The question is : How can this be done without provoking a major showdown with the Kremlin leader who dissolved the previous parliament with army tanks ?
He decides when to hold elections to the lower chamber , and has the right to dissolve it .
Algeria 's parliament was dissolved in January 1992 , shortly before the army-backed authorities also cancelled the country 's first multi-party general election , in which Muslim fundamentalists had taken a commanding lead .
She said the man had written her what amounted to a `` Dear Jane '' letter , saying he was dissolving their relationship because , among other things , he was not ready for fatherhood .
He said he had `` no intention of dissolving parliament '' if elected , noting that center-right forces won a big majority in the 1993 general election .
FIUGGI , Italy - The neo-fascist Italian Social Movement votes on whether to dissolve and merge with the National Alliance in a move members hope will sever their last remaining associations with wartime dictator Benito Mussolini .
Walesa has challenged the government 's 1995 budget bill before the country 's constitutional tribunal , delaying its final approval beyond a three-month deadline and thereby giving himself a debatable pretext for dissolving parliament .
`` There is common opposition to ( Walesa 's ) plan to illegally dissolve parliament and there is a shared opinion that this aim poses an unprecedented threat to Polish democracy , '' speaker Oleksy said Friday .
Parliament decided Saturday by an overwhelming majority that it would be illegal for Walesa to dissolve it on these grounds .
WARSAW ( Reuter ) - President Lech Walesa 's spokesman rejected a newspaper report Monday that Walesa was thinking of dissolving parliament and making army chief of staff Tadeusz Wilecki prime minister until new elections are held .
In its report , Gazeta Wyborcza quoted unnamed sources in Walesa 's office as saying the president wanted to dissolve parliament to remove the government of Prime Minister Waldemar Pawlak and had offered the job to Wilecki last week .
Walesa said he had the right to dissolve the legislature if he decided to do so .