TOKYO ( Reuter ) - The test pilot of a trainer jet built for the Japanese air force was accidentally ejected when the emergency bailout system mysteriously functioned , the plane 's makers said Tuesday .
Kameishi was flying the T-4 two-seater over the Pacific Ocean southwest of Tokyo on Monday when he was suddenly ejected into the sea with a parachute , a spokesman for manufacturers Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd said .
He said an average of 10 fans were ejected at every `` good old baseball '' game but nobody wrote about it .
Pierce has come a long way since last year when her father Jim was ejected from the tournament after causing a disturbance during one of her matches .
These North Korean steps could include ejecting all remaining IAEA inspectors , withdrawing from a global accord banning nuclear-weapons development , and producing more plutonium for nuclear weapons , the officials said .
Players ejected can be suspended for future games in the competition -- something the Americans do not want to risk , given their excellent chance of advancing to the second round .
It revealed a region of violent star birth filled with high-speed spurts , arcs and shock waves of gases ejected by stars as they form .
Looking around ther Pathfinder landing site , scientists saw rocks that were rounded and appeared to have been transported by water , and others that were angular , probably ejected by meteor impacts .
Vladoiu , was the second player to be ejected from the tournament .
It claimed detectives searched the grounds of Simpson 's home early in the morning of June 13 after scaling a fence and ejecting the occupants .
`` What will happen is that they will lose their diplomatic immunity , '' he said , adding that the mission staff would be treated as ordinary citizens and ejected from the country .
The liberating forces later swept east to Nice and north up the Rhone valley to Dijon , eventually hooking up with other allied forces and helping eject the Nazis from Europe .
Local mayors , in charge of regional communities , have instructed those in their sector to eject anyone straying into the area that they do not recognize .
Diplomats said Croatia could not afford to eject the U.N. as this would alienate Western powers whose support Zagreb craves in its pursuit of reconstruction aid and admittance to the European Union -- impossible if war with Serbs re-erupted .
Tudjman 's decision to eject the U.N. troops could signal that the Croatian government is planning a spring offensive aimed at retaking the occupied land .
A U.S.-led multinational force routed the Iraqi forces and ejected them from Kuwait seven months after the invasion .
Iraqi occupying forces were ejected after seven months by a U.S.-led military alliance .
`` We are not configured for the sort of military action that would be required to eject a sizeable body of government forces that are in defensive positions and prepared to fight .
Rodman was ejected from Monday night 's game against Charlotte after being handed his second technical foul .
Despite a report that Hultgren 's plane was upside down when she ejected , Neal said the F-14 was sitting upright on the ocean floor .
Critics of the minivan , led by attorneys for crash victims , claim the vehicle 's rear `` liftgate '' door is prone to popping open in rear-impact collisions , causing passengers to be ejected .
The government is currently investigating whether rear hatches on some four million Chrysler Corp. minivans pose a unreasonable safety risk of popping open in rear-end collisions , allowing passengers to be ejected .
The U.S. army said both crew members ejected safely before the crash and were in fair condition .
Washington and London expressed concern that Paris 's decision last week might encourage Iraqi President Saddam Hussein to flout peace terms imposed after the 1991 Gulf War ejected Iraqi troops from Kuwait .
Passengers can be ejected from the rear door of the minivan in certain types of accidents , the paper said .
It is not known whether the pilot ejected before the plane hit the water , officials said .
All four crewmen involved in that mishap ejected safely and were pulled from the water .
Scottie Pippen returned after a one-game suspension for tossing a chair after being ejected from a game and nearly recorded a triple double with 27 points , 11 rebounds and eight assists despite sitting out the entire fourth quarter .
He said Peru had dislodged Ecuadoran troops from the Base Sur military post and that operations were continuing on Thursday to eject them from the Twinza region .
He added that military operations were continuing Thursday to eject Ecuadoran forces from the Tiwinza region .
Tim Hardaway scored 28 points and Chris Gatling added 23 for Golden State before being ejected for arguing a call in the fourth quarter .
He said Peru 's President Alberto Fujimori was being deliberately misled by his advisers to believe that a Peruvian land and air offensive had ejected Ecuadoran troops from the Tiwinza base along their Amazon jungle frontier .
Assistant coach Larry Smith also joined the fracas and was ejected .
Jones , a defender who plays for the London club , Wimbledon in England 's Premier league , has been ejected from matches numerous times in his career and revels in his reputation as a ferocious tackler .
The Russian military promised not to attack villages which eject rebels fighting Moscow 's troops for 10 weeks .
Washington and London charged that it might encourage Iraqi President Saddam Hussein to flout peace terms imposed after the 1991 Gulf War which ejected Iraqi troops from Kuwait .
Navy Lt . Matthew Klemish , the radar intercept officer aboard Hultgreen 's jet , ejected safely from the rear of the aircraft and was picked up at sea .
With neighboring Croatia sticking by its decision to eject peacekeepers from its territory after March 31 and Bosnia 's cease-fire due to expire May 1 , Smith is confronting the possibility of a messy U.N. withdrawal .
Bosnian Serb forces have compounded the threat , warning the United Nations they will demand a U.N. withdrawal from government enclaves including Sarajevo if peacekeepers are ejected from nearby Croatia , U.N. officials said Monday .
But Martic appeared to overestimate the number of ultranationalist votes he would get to eject Mikelic .
Police also raided the home of vice-speaker Lee Han-dong and ejected another group of DP lawmakers , witnesses said .
Israeli police ejected ultra-nationalist Israeli lawmaker Shaul Gutman from the area of al-Aqsa Wednesday , when he defied restrictions barring Jews from praying there , a police spokeswoman said .
Hultgreen 's radar intercept officer ejected safely , but the plane then rolled and she was killed when she ejected into the sea .
Barkley was ejected with 3:02 left after receiving his second technical for arguing with the referees .
Many French schools have since ejected students refusing to comply with the ban , saying the scarves epitomise Islam 's oppression of women while devout Moslems argue they are a symbol of faith .
Many schools have since ejected students refusing to comply with the ban .
As in all diplomatic deals , it would involve a balance of interests between Iraq and those countries , led by the United States , that ejected its army from Kuwait in 1991 .
The small , state-of-the-art projectile was launched successfully on a Navy anti-aircraft missile from the cruiser Richmond Turner but ejected without power and failed to hit a Scud-like ballistic missile fired from Wallops Island , Va .
A number of DPs also tried to break into the Zambian compound and tried to seize weapons or take sanctuary and were ejected , '' Seaman said .
Commonwealth television said that as many as 1,000 of Dudayev 's fighters took part in attacks Sunday on Russian positions inside Grozny from which Moscow ejected them in February .
Denver coach Bernie Bickerstaff was ejected in the second quarter , leading to a play stoppage when a barrage of debris was thrown on the court and at the Spurs by angry Denver fans .
They are the millions of ethnic Germans driven from Eastern Europe as the Third Reich imploded , forced from their homes in territories Germany gave up under terms dictated by the victors or ejected by vengeful neighboring countries .
Asked about reports that Zagreb now intended to eject U.N. soldiers and civil police monitors from Western Slavonia , Galbraith said : `` There have been strong indications of that nature .
Courcelle said the suspect had been among a group of skinheads filmed as they were being ejected from the Front 's May Day march by his security men .
The pilot in the earlier crash ejected safely before the plane hit a storage building at Holloman in August 1992 .
She said the two people aboard the downed jet ejected safely .
Sheppard Air Force Base said the jet 's two pilots ejected from the aircraft and were treated for minor injuries .
Germany clearly bore responsibility for starting the war that ultimately forced Germans from their homes in territories Germany gave up under terms dictated by the victors or who were ejected by vengeful neighbours , Kohl said .
They said such aircraft normally fly above 20,000 feet and it was not known if the pilot had been able to eject .
`` We cannot confirm for sure that he ejected from his plane .
That does not rule out that he may have ejected from his plane .
It would indicate that the Serb army has him , that he has ejected .
Even when the Army ejects her after a hearing , though , she does n't retreat , instead enlisting the gay-rights Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund in a legal fight to return her to the military .
General John Shakikashvili said in Brussels that O'Grady had a slight burn on the back of the neck , apparently suffered while ejecting from his plane .
`` He has a six-day beard and slight burn on the back of his neck , apparently received while ( ejecting from ) the aircraft .
He was suffering from hypothermia and exhaustion , a NATO spokesman said , but otherwise suffered only a slight burn to the back of the neck , apparently when he ejected from the aircraft .
His F-16 broke into two pieces and plunged through the clouds before the pilot of a jet flying alongside could see if he ejected .
O'Grady suffered only a slight burn to the back of his neck , apparently in ejecting from his plane , exposure and exhaustion during his six days evading capture .
Police officers threatened to eject those who sat on a fence to see the screen .
The pilot ejected safely and was rescued a week later .
The Imager for Mars Pathfinder the camera known as IMP sighted a strange white spot on a nearby hillside , which researchers concluded was probably the back shell ejected from the Pathfinder seconds before touch down on Mars .
Human rights officials and leaders of Sarajevo 's dwindling minority communities see the housing grab as a subtle brand of `` ethnic cleansing , '' the wartime practice of using murder and intimidation to eject ethnic enemies .
The first elements of the American force that was to have violently ejected Cedras and the junta from power appeared peacefully at dawn in Port-au-Prince harbor .
Police who support Plavsic 's rival , war crimes suspect Radovan Karadzic , were ejected from their offices by the troops and U.N. investigators who said they then uncovered a 12-ton cache of weapons .
Cold Lake spokeswoman Lt . Yvonne Cooper said it is unclear whether Bailey ejected before the crash , which occurred during air-to-air combat practice .
Two batters later , Harkey was ejected for hitting Joe Carter with a pitch .
The Tracking and Data Relay Satellite , valued at $ 440 million with its attached booster rocket , was ejected from the shuttle 's cargo bay only six hours after liftoff .
No punches were thrown and both managers were ejected from the game .
There have been none of the outbursts that got him repeatedly ejected from his original trial as he sought unsuccessfully to represent himself according to the principles of the militant back-to-nature group MOVE , which he strongly supported .
Eric Karros was called out on strikes to end the eighth but was ejected in the middle of the ninth after arguing with home plate umpire Jim Quick .
Possessions were strewn in disarray inside the house but no bailiffs arrived to eject the family .
The pilot managed to eject and was flown to a nearby hospital but died later of his injuries , she said .
Millon said two French flyers who ejected when their Mirage fighter-bomber was shot down were alive and near the Bosnian Serb headquarters .
French Defence Minister Charles Millon said on Thursday the two French flyers who ejected when their Mirage fighter-bomber was downed by a Bosnian Serb missile on Wednesday were safe and had not been captured .
He said the pilot and navigator , who ejected from a Mirage 2000 fighter-bomber when it was hit by a shoulder-launched heat-seeking missile , had not been captured by the Bosnian Serbs .
He said the pilot and navigator , who ejected from a Mirage 2000 fighter-bomber when it was hit by a shoulder-launched heat-seeking missile , had not been captured by Bosnian Serbs .
One pilot was killed and the other managed to eject .
But there was no firm word on the fate of two French pilots who ejected over Serb-held territory when their Mirage fighter-bomber was shot down during the first waves of NATO attacks on Bosnian Serbs Wednesday .
He won for the first time since July 30 and was ejected in the eighth after hitting Cincinnati catcher Benito Santiago .
Houston manager Terry Collins was also ejected by home plate umpire Harry Wendelstedt .
Cincinnati reliever Xavier Hernandez was ejected after hitting Craig Biggio and Jeff Bagwell to start the bottom of the seventh .
Both benches cleared once again and Cincinnati catcher Edie Taubensee , manager Davey Johnson and pinch-hitter Lenny Harris , already out of the game , were all ejected .
The corona ejects clouds of hot , electrically charged particles that blow past Earth at extremely high speeds , often causing glitches in communications and power distribution across the planet .
Within a minute , United Nations security guards arrived and and ended their silent protest , removing the women , including two who had to be forcibly ejected from the meeting hall , the witnesses said .
Two resisted and had to be forcibly ejected from the meeting hall , they said .
Bosnian Serb television filmed them apparently ejecting by parachute as their fighter-bomber plunged to earth .
The airmen have not been seen in public or on television since they ejected as their plane plunged to earth .
Cleveland pitching coach Mark Wiley was ejected by home plate umpire Tim Tschida for arguing that Rodriguez should have been ejected .
Cleveland pitching coach Mark Wiley was ejected for arguing that Rodriguez should have been ejected .
The other was what it called the humiliation heaped on PLO chairman Yasser Arafat by New York City when he was ejected from a concert .