And most people think that if they hold down a job or , as is the case with so many families , two jobs health coverage ought to be part of the deal .
I also found it hard to read the stories because they scroll constantly and can be frozen only by holding down a mouse button .
The government subsidizes salaries of teachers at private institutions to help hold down tuition fees .
The government subsidises the salaries of teachers at private institutions to help hold down tuition fees , but it said the strikers were asking for too much .
The policy would also urge doctors to fully disclose their financial arrangements with the plans so that patients could determine possible conflicts of interest -- such as a doctor 's bonus riding on holding down the cost of care .
intends to offer training for health leaders in underdeveloped nations to try to hold down birthrates in those countries .
The system also is supposed to be flexible enough to adapt to constantly changing tax law , and to tie in as much of the IRS 's existing equipment as possible to hold down costs .
A lot of welfare recipients are n't capable of holding down jobs without an enormous amount of support .
Without the devices , it can take three or more staff members to hold down a child , thereby leaving the rest of a volatile population unattended , say group home operators who argued for use of the restraints .
The Medicare proposal also would offer a wide range of new preventive care services , such as free pap smears and mammography and prostate cancer screening , and impose anti-fraud measures designed to hold down costs .
Meanwhile , Japan 's giant current-account surplus continues to decline , holding down growth as imports outpace exports .
Step 1 : While holding down the left mouse button , slide the mouse over the text you wish to capture .
Lower utilization rates are believed to hold down the inflation rate .
The band members say they have made the question of holding down prices to their fans a matter of principle , because they remember what it was like to have little money for tickets .
Fehr , however , argued that the capping system was a cartel that would enable owners to hold down players ' salaries to increase profits .
State television showed the eight , their heads shaven and bowed and their hands held down by helmeted police , listening without apparent emotion to the sentence .
The thrust of the program is to hold down world population growth by making family planning available worldwide and by giving women the power to make decisions on their own lives .
They are afraid they will get caught in the middle of a huge explosion between the military and the people the military have been holding down in the three years since the coup ousting Aristide .
The main stumbling block in talks is a restructuring of salary rules designed to hold down rocketing costs and help smaller market clubs to compete with big city teams .
Democrats now feel they can hold down the Party 's losses .
By promising loan guarantees greater than any imaginable need , the United States is holding down the actual damage to Mexico and to other economies that this panic might threaten .
But opponents say inflation has been held down by not paying state salaries and pensions for months , by offering credits at high rates and by not raising wages .
A drop of 0.7 percent in October energy prices helped hold down the overall index .
Mailing industry officials say the hike is likely , especially given a Postal Service pledge to continue to hold down costs , increase productivity and not seek another rate increase for two years .
There was little change for copper producers , as large supplies and fallout from the Sumitomo copper-trading scandal continued to hold down prices .
`` ( It 's ) like having your face rammed in an overflowing ashtray for starters , then having your whole head held down in a bucket of offal , '' wrote the Independent .
The players went on strike last August to protest plans by the owners to impose a salary cap on teams to hold down rapidly rising player contracts .
The players went on strike to protest plans by the owners to impose the salary cap on teams to hold down rapidly rising player contracts .
The owners have dropped the cap but say some limits must be imposed to hold down salaries that now average over $ 1 million a season per player .
If the economy cools in the months ahead , some states will be faced with the difficult task of holding down costs on social programs put in their hands by the federal government or sacrificing credit quality .
Boni said the question was now whether the government could hold down wage increases through the rest of the year .
Labor Secretary Robert B. Reich said the numbers are evidence that `` something very dramatic has happened to the labor market '' that is holding down pay increases despite a significant tightening of labor-market conditions .
Rubin insisted that the United States supports a strong dollar , saying that would help hold down inflation here .
Oil companies denied being asked to hold down Iranian oil purchases but said they did not plan to increase their imports .
But the true challenge in holding down costs for a new airplane occurs during earlier phases of production , industry officials concede .
To hold down the Joint Strike Fighter 's weight , many on-board computer processors are being eliminated .
He did not say when his troops would start advancing on the five-mile swathe of front line held down by the Croats west of Sarajevo .
Pay rises in Australia are now gained mostly by workers showing that workplace efficiency has risen -- another strategy designed to hold down inflation .
To hold down the cost of their expanded tax cut package , negotiators agreed on more tax increases than either had envisioned earlier in the year .
Moreover , to hold down production costs , Japan must commit to buy the system once it is operational .
Under the old program , farmers in most years were required to set aside a certain amount of acreage that was not planted to conserve the soil and hold down supply .
Politicians in Sweden defended the program as a way to hold down the costs of the enlarging welfare state .
Brazil has lowered tariffs to hold down prices through competition between foreign and domestic goods .
Sales-tax receipts also tend to be a volatile measure , as collections can be held down by tax challenges and boosted when disputes are resolved .
A modest-to-hefty second extra budget is also in the works no matter who wins , although a weak political line-up would strengthen the hand of bureaucrats keen to hold down spending .
Those plans rely on competition among hospitals to hold down prices , they say , whereas certificate of need has actually driven prices higher by preventing competition .
- The American Academy of Family Physicians holds a news conference to release a study examining the role of primary care physicians in holding down health care costs .
Top officials at the Treasury and the Department of Housing and Urban Development praised the companies ' decisions to hold down the loan limit .
The House and Senate last week adopted differing versions of a sweeping Republican plan to cut taxes , hold down increases in Medicare spending and balance the budget in seven years .
The rebate program passed by Congress and whih started in 1991 lets Medicaid hold down costs by acting like other big volume drug purchasers .
`` Overall industrial production was held down by a strike at a major aircradt manufacturer which sharply curtailed the output of business equipment , '' the Fed said .
`` Overall industrial production was held down by a strike at a major aircraft manufacturer which sharply curtailed the output of business equipment , '' the Fed said .
A slowing economy is expected to hold down costs in general .
But the thalidomide babies have surprised even themselves , with hundreds not only surviving into their 30s but raising families and holding down jobs .
She doubts that Mr. Clinton can find a way to balance the budget , protect his domestic priorities and hold down reductions in Medicare and Medicaid .
But the unusual behavior of health-care and computer prices also helps hold down inflation .
Long-distance carriers say actual connection costs are closer to a penny a minute , but some portion of the difference -- exactly how much is disputed -- helps hold down basic phone-service prices .
Stiglitz said the prospects for a balanced federal budget would spur growth by holding down long-term interest rates while the stock market boom would also give consumer spending a shot in the arm .
It has added four more complex questions : -- Should state assets be used to compensate pensioners and public sector employees whose income was illegally held down by a previous government in the early 1990s ?
Government moves to hold down nonwage costs also have helped businesses .
Some economists have argued that U.S. manufacturers will switch production overseas more than they have in the past as they hit domestic capacity restraints , thus helping to hold down inflation .
But none of the alternatives for holding down the deficit is politically attractive .
Then there are the professional couples who can hold down top jobs only because an underpaid nanny is holding down the household .
Last week , Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan signalled in his mid-year Humphrey-Hawkins report to Congress on the state of the nation 's economy that another rate hikes may be needed to hold down inflationary pressures .
It said savings would be used to hold down future rate increases , and could lead to a revision in its request for a 4.6 percent increase in rates for 1995 .
His entry would hurt Specter and Alexander here in Iowa , but his potential candidacy worries the Dole forces as well because he could help to hold down Dole 's margin .
Russia is adhering to strict International Monetary Fund loan conditions on holding down its money supply and inflation while Belarus has failed to satisfy the IMF 's demands .
The committee was also the only one to make insurance voluntary and to decide against including price or premium caps as a `` failsafe '' mechanism in the event that reforms fail to hold down private costs .
Two days before , it was the conference of the Veterans of Foreign Wars , where Clinton spoke darkly of Republican plans to hold down spending on medical equipment in Veterans Affairs hospitals .
Promoting industrial harmony is becoming more urgent as a labour squeeze in the manufacturing sector empowers workers who were once held down by often brutal management practices under previous military-backed governments .
Promoting industrial harmony is becoming more urgent as a labour squeeze in the manufacturing sector encourages militancy among workers once held down by brutal management practices .
By offering a fixed price to the Air Force , Lockheed gives the Defense Department another inducement to renew its orders while simultaneously reassuring potential foreign customers that it can hold down costs .
They include closer scrunty of the far-flung and sometimes inexperienced contractors that start-up carriers are now using to help hold down costs .
All the Jills do is practice for several hours twice a week , perform at home games , make free personal appearances for charity and hold down real jobs to pay the bills .
While on the House 's Agriculture Committee , Emerson worked for higher soybean supports and for holding down the cost of the food stamp program .
The growing community pressure on state public-service commissions to hold down electric rates , Spletzer said , does not bode well for investors .
That development is particularly noteworthy because foreign competition is less a factor in holding down the price of services .
`` About half is from the increase in economic growth and about half is from holding down spending , '' he told reporters on the third stop on a three-day , seven-state campaign trip .
Toyota said it was able to hold down the average price hikes due to increased local content for its North American built Camry and Corolla cars and compact pickup truck .
It also dropped import duties on automobiles and hundreds of other items Wednesday to force automakers to hold down prices in the face of international competition .
Those steps include fresh efforts to cut bulging budget deficits and eliminate regulations and restrictions which curb growth and hold down employment , he said .
Similarly he battered away at fears that guaranteed insurance would force the health care system to hold down costs by rationing medical services .
That 's one approach ; the alternative , to which Republicans and not just Republicans tend to be philosophically drawn , is to rely more on the marketplace and competition to hold down costs .
For some time , an overhang of excess capacity -- from an earlier global building spree -- had been holding down prices for many commodity plastics and chemicals .
Health plans contend that such laws hamper their ability to hold down costs .
After working more than 62 years and holding down numerous odd jobs without a single day of vacation , a well-known player in the drug business is retiring : the little metal container that holds Sucrets throat lozenges .
Georgia 's recent floods are likely to hold down turnout there , but it is n't just the weather .
The Belgians followed that old colonial strategy of using a minority tribe -- the Tutsis -- to help them hold down the majority , the Hutus .
Heavy winds around Haiti are expected to hold down the number of boat refugees for another two months , giving the U.S. breathing room .
They note their squeezed budgets and say paring drug bills is crucial to holding down costs .
Besides , quick turnarounds are an important way for hospitals to hold down costs .
Denver sporting-goods retailer Gart Sports Co. tries to hold down prices in the face of competition by negotiating bulk purchases from suppliers .
Even one of the companies that had most vocally supported a health-care-system overhaul , Chrysler Corp. , says it has been relying on private-sector initiatives to hold down medical costs .
At the same time , the IMF warns that the rise in long-term interest rates may hold down some recoveries , while high unemployment in Europe is an obstacle to improved consumer confidence .
Most of these plans aim to hold down the costs of Medicaid , the joint federal-state health-care program for the poor , by finding more-efficient ways to provide care .
And it is n't just the price of clothing that is holding down the inflation rate .
Prices also were held down as many investors were sidelined ahead of the U.S. Federal Reserve meeting .
The cutbacks are the result of basic changes washing through the drug industry , notably in the U.S. Managed health care has helped hold down drug prices .
On the one hand , a weaker dollar will probably hold down imported inflationary pressure for the U.K. , because most raw-material prices are charged in dollars .
PCS is the largest of the nation 's prescription-benefits managers , the companies hired by insurers and corporate health plans to hold down drug costs .