Renovation of the main chamber , including the installation of translation facilities , forced legislators to jam themselves into the wood-paneled chamber where apartheid architect Hendrik Verwoerd was assassinated by an usher in 1966 .
He said the United States had considered jamming the station , but that was no longer necessary .
But the people of Aden went about their normal business as usual and the roads were jammed with morning rush-hour traffic , apparently unconcerned about the war on their doorsteps .
On the other hand , history ( and record sales ) prove that club-goers will jam to a chant by Benedictine monks if the beat is good .
The volunteer Chechen reinforcements , jammed onto trucks along the last open highway into Grozny , augured a long and costly combat in Chechnya .
Roads between Grozny and Russian-held areas to the west were jammed with Russian reinforcements headed in and refugees fleeing the battle , an official in Geneva with the International Committee of the Red Cross told the BBC .
The small yards are jammed with boats and lobster pots .
Caravans of honking cars jammed the Rio de Janeiro 's streets and from the apartment windows above women and children called out the name of players Romario and Rai , who scored the two goals .
The airline sold more than 4.5 million seats , but travelers jammed phone lines so much that regular , higher-paying customers could n't get through .
When Arafat 's Palestinian Broadcasting Co. jammed the telecast , Kuttab arranged to distribute videocassettes to local stations in the West Bank that , for technical reasons , Arafat 's administration could not jam .
Yet there 's nothing fussy or labored about these performances ; in fact , when Fogerty and company find their groove , the sound is so effortless and offhand you 'd almost think they were just jamming .
In St . John the Baptist Cathedral , jammed with religious officials , nuns in black habits strained cordons to catch a glimpse of the pope and scooted past burly bodyguards to click photos .
Another 350 jammed inside a gymnasium at Red River High School , only to rush out in a panic at midday when emergency officials realized that the school was also in the flood 's path .
GIZA , Egypt At the foot of the pyramids , a turbaned old man sells bottled water from a pail jammed with blocks of ice .
Matthews had been jamming with drummer Carter Beauford and saxophonist LeRoi Moore , and knew them as two of the most talented musicians in town .
Trying to integrate struggling Russia into the world economy at this stage conjures up an image of Cinderella 's ugly stepsister trying to jam an oversized foot into the glass slipper .
Moxie is pleasant and articulate , which you ca n't help but notice in a world that 's jammed full of science/engineer/do n't-read-literature types .
At a Capitol news conference jammed with activists and press , angry lawmakers said they would search for alternatives to counter the Supreme Court 's decision .
Crowds jammed in tight and roared as the electronic clock over Club 1997 passed midnight .
The ML320 senses the wheel slithers and severe snoot-down attitude , and automatically jams the throttle setting to ultra-low crawl .
`` People are selling all they have in order to be able to leave , '' said Antoine Joseph , a young man watching a truck jammed with people and bundles drive by .
She said the discovery was made after equipment which grinds material in the tank jammed as the tank was undergoing a monthly emptying .
Arafat faces a formidable challenge in easing the economic hardship of Palestinians , especially for the million people jammed into the 140-square-mile strip along the Mediterranean coast .
Grocery stores along the affected coastal area were jammed with people buying bottled water , canned goods and batteries , and long lines formed at gasoline stations .
But he said Russian commanders overheard the radio negotiations , threatened to court-martial the officers if they surrendered and then began jamming the radio frequencies , effectively scotching the talks .
Hundreds of thousands of fans jammed the streets , heading in cars , buses , trucks and on foot for the centre of town , where crowds filled the square in front of the National Palace of Culture .
The strike would have been the first full-scale walkout since 1979 , when a three-month strike jammed freeways throughout the Bay Area .
He lived in London , where he picked up English , jammed with rock musicians , and then returned home to a hero 's welcome .
Two lines of people were jammed tight against the walls outside the center 's entrance , while throngs of others waited to join the lines .
Lukashenko , an advocate of economic and perhaps political union with Russia , was applauded warmly by the more than 300 deputies jammed into the parliament .
The arrangement of the keys , called "qwerty " for the first six letters of the top line , is said to have been designed specifically to slow down typists so their type bars would n't jam .
For the past eight days , Milosevic 's government had been jamming the station , he said .
Aleksei Kovalev also injured an arm , jamming his left wrist , but he said he would play tonight .
A dozen communications firms have arisen since 1991 to relay telephone calls to Cuba and their circuits have been jammed by over 6,000 calls a day from anxious relatives since the latest exodus of boat people began .
Local Spanish-language radio stations were jammed with callers worried about their families .
Although Cuba occasionally jams the signals , the radio stations are an important link between Cuban exiles and their relatives at home .
Transport planes bringing supplies still roar over the town at all hours , and the roads are jammed with aid trucks .
He was befriended by the great composer and pianist Monk , and at after-hours sessions in Harlem , jammed with Gillespie and Parker .
He said the assailant had tried to fire again but his weapon jammed .
He said he was on his way to buy tamales with Aguilar when the confessed gunman pulled out a 9-mm weapon and shot once before his gun jammed .
On the plate is a greenish head , with a wormy apple jammed in its mouth .
The gun jammed and no one was injured , according to a police report on the incident .
Like almost everyone jammed into the shop in a well-to-do area of the capital , he was a Jordanian who said his home was in a Palestinian town long ago transformed into part of Israel .
The basement of the presidential palace , ordinarily jammed with sleeping fighters , was nearly empty in the pre-dawn hours Thursday , Chandler said .
Signs of conspicuous prosperity are common in Moscow , with the latest foreign cars jamming the boulevards alongside Russian-made Ladas and Volgas .
They said some life boats jammed while being lowered , others had rotten oars and one hqad a broken rudder .
`` I felt like I was skating when I jammed on the brakes , '' one driver involved in the accident told a television reporter .
Rubenstein said the reason the meeting took place in the hallway was because Gingrich 's office was jammed with people using telephones and others sitting on the floor .
KOBE , Japan ( Reuter ) - Schools reopened and roads were jammed with returning workers Monday as this western port city fought back against an earthquake which increasingly shook the foundation of Japan 's economy .
Although the acoustics were terrible , hundreds of county residents jammed the aisles of the theater .
Streets in some neighborhoods were jammed with carloads of 49er fans , honking their horns and shouting .
Elsewhere in the city , streets were jammed with carloads of 49er fans , honking their horns and waving banners .
Makeshift convoys have jammed roads through central regions for the last two days and nights as tens of thousands of people fled low-lying homes as a precaution against the rising waters .
Fred Goldman , the father of the dead man , squeezed tears into a tissue jammed behind his eyeglasses .
The mourning hall , bedecked with yellow silk and white chrysanthemums and crammed with banners and wreaths reading `` Noble spirit live forever , '' was jammed with people .
LONDON ( Reuter ) - English soccer fans jammed a special hotline Friday eager to turn in hooligans responsible for a riot in Dublin , and Irish police said they had underestimated British warnings about right-wing troublemakers .
Meanwhile , in England , soccer fans jammed a special hotline Friday eager to turn in hooligans responsible the riot at the Dublin match , and Irish police said they had underestimated British warnings about right-wing troublemakers .
A series of political battles between the pro-Russian Crimean president and parliament , exaggerated by the Moscow media , scared away the crowds which used to jam the palm-lined promenade along the coast .
She said the law firms ' phones have been jammed with calls by potential claimaints since the judge 's ruling Friday .
British activists claim that animals are cruelly jammed into large trucks , which travel from farms to ports , then are ferried across the English Channel or the North Sea to continental destinations , usually feeding pens .
Engineers have discovered that under certain malfunctions involving several related failures , the power control unit can jam just at the point that it is to order the rudder to return to normal .
The debate in the assembly largely followed party lines , with Democrats arguing it would jam the jails and cost taxpayers $ 2 billion over the next 30 years .
Media coverage of Irma 's plight in war-torn Sarajevo triggered a wave of public sympathy and Britons jammed the switchboard of the prime minister 's office demanding action .
For almost a week , the government has been jamming his station , B-92 , the only independent news radio station left in Serbia .
Wegner said one possibility is that the impact jammed the door .
The leaderboard was jammed with contenders after the third round with 12 players within three shots of first place .
ZAGREB - Scores of wounded civilians and panic-strickened relatives jammed a Zagreb hospital after the explosions spread hysteria in the Croatian capital .
The victims were rushed to clinics wrapped in blankets and sheets and transferred to hospitals on stretchers hastily jammed into the back of commandeered cars .
The victims were rushed to clinics wrapped in blankets and sheets and transferred to hospitals on stretchers hastily jammed into the backs of commandeered cars .
Clinton shook hundreds of hands as he moved through the crowd jammed into a square outside Kiev 's imposing university building .
Dole was in a fighting mood before about 2,000 students jammed into an auditorium at St . Louis University on what was supposed to be the date of the first debate between Dole and Clinton at nearby Washington University .
Gasoline stations were jammed with long lines of motorists anxious to fill up their cars before the storm hit .
It jammed the short-wave broadcasts heavily and tried to infiltrate its staff with communist agents .
Chancellor Helmut Kohl has come under pressure from his NATO allies to provide the jets , which they say are essential for jamming hostile anti-aircraft guidance systems and destroying Serb anti-air batteries .
Herndon 's days on the road are jammed with communication .
Spanish-language radio stations were jammed with calls from Odio supporters .
Dobrinja 's medical clinic , one of the Bosnian capital 's most experienced trauma centers , was jammed with casualties lying on blood-soaked pillows and cots waiting for treatment .
A Marine gunnery sergeant videotaped jamming a gold wings pin into the chest of a fellow paratrooper in a brutal military hazing ritual in 1993 should be discharged from the service , a Marine Corps general recommended Friday .
The schedule of New York ready-to-wear shows often is jammed with barely known names who put clothes on the runway that still have threads hanging from the hem .
Among the first sights on the island side of the bridge is a Tim Horton 's doughnut drive-through jammed into a trailer home .
Lawmakers jammed into a stark , unadorned meeting room in the basement of the Capitol .
After the caretaker ran from the houseboat and called police Wednesday afternoon , the area quickly was jammed with police and reporters , with helicopters fluttering above .
When Alcorn went to investigate , he found it jammed with quarters .
He was sitting with a group of laborers at one of many street corners and debris-strewn lots where people were jamming into and on top of buses and trucks headed for the provinces .
On a warm late-summer evening in this Philadelphia suburb , a half-dozen youth soccer games are underway in a field whose parking lot is jammed with minivans and four-wheel-drives -- the workhorse family vehicles of choice throughout America .
But they were jammed together like an accordion , and some of them zig-zagged slightly along the roadbed .
Sairan Ban crossing was closed , so thousands of people were backed up , hanging from cars that jammed a hot , dusty road from Penjwin , 18 miles away .
Camden is the tonier town a few miles north , and it boasts a restored downtown jammed with restaurants and tourists .
And B-92 Radio , the only independent electronic media in Belgrade , was jammed Wednesday during its coverage of the demonstrations .
Like most big , complicated gadgets jammed into tiny packages , laptop computers are more expensive than their full-size counterparts .
Try sprinting to stay ahead of traffic lumping like cheap chutney , and it 's better to ignore your senses and jam the shifter into a gear that seems too low for existing speed .
According to an article in Forbes magazine , Lamarr told Antheil of an idea she had for a device to protect U.S. radio-guided torpedoes from enemy attempts to jam them .
Across hundreds of miles of Russia 's southern Caucasus region , ethnic Chechens and Russians are jammed into schools , camps and countless homes and apartments of relatives , friends or strangers .
Weathers (2-3 ) jammed the little finger on his right hand while attempting to bunt in the top of the sixth .
Air Algerie 's switchboard was jammed by calls from stranded passengers .
It would allow them to meet the buyout deadline ( non-Defense agencies ca n't offer buyouts after March 31 ) without being hit with a paperwork nightmare or have a program-damaging talent exodus jammed into the next seven weeks .
U.N. officers believed the Serbs probably did not intend to seize the town , which is jammed with thousands of refugees .
Busloads of students and media jammed the cafeteria at the Paul Robeson Center in Newark for the board meeting .
The Place Saint-Michel , whose fountain has been a lovers ' tryst for French youth for generations and a rally point in the 1968 student-worker riots , was jammed with dozens of ambulances and police vehicles .
Meanwhile , at Radio B-92 , the main electronic source for independent news , editors said their transmission signal has been jammed periodically for two days .