Inside the agency , rumors are rife that the directive to overturn the recommendation of Fish and Wildlife 's regulations committee resulted from extraordinary pressure from the highest levels of the Clinton administration .
Hill had served 13 years of a life sentence for the Guildford bombings when he was released in 1989 with other members of the Guildford Four in the first series of IRA-linked convictions which were subsequently overturned .
A tornado swept through Lancaster and DeSoto shortly before 10 p.m. local time Monday , flattening some houses , ripping roofs off others , overturning cars and lifting motorhomes .
The court in a brief opinion overturned a ruling that the suspect was not initially in custody based on the `` subjective and undisclosed '' conclusion by the police that he was not initially a suspect .
His first conviction was overturned in 1982 when Texas 's highest criminal appeals court ruled that potential jurors were improperly excused after voicing reservations about the death penalty .
A newly-wed bride was among 13 killed when a truck carrying their party overturned in Ranga Reddy district on the same day .
Vandals have overturned headstones at Jewish cemeteries and painted them with swastikas .
Various Canadian media organizations took their fight to appeals court in January , asking for the ban to be overturned .
North , a former Marine Lieutenant Colonel , was convicted in the secret Iran-Contra arms for hostages scandal during the Reagan administration in the mid-1980s , but the conviction was later overturned on appeal .
The Washington State Medical Association denounced Rothstein 's decision and predicted it would be overturned on appeal .
It said 35 people were feared dead and five others were believed abducted while five others including an assistant tribal chief and headmaster escaped after the truck overturned .
However , the three-judge court overturned a lower court 's decision to dismiss murder charges against Kevorkian .
In March , Germany 's highest appeals court , the Federal Court of Justice , overturned the conviction of a neo-Nazi leader by arguing that denying that the Holocaust happened did not alone constitute incitement of racial hatred .
Earlier this month gravestones at a Jewish cemetery in nearby Bad Kissingen were overturned and daubed with swastikas and neo-Nazi slogans , and last week 36 gravestones were uprooted at a Jewish graveyard in Dresden .
At issue was a ruling by a U.S. appeals court in Cincinnati in November overturning the 1986 order extraditing Demjanjuk to Israel on the grounds that Justice Department lawyers had committed fraud in their handling of the case .
The House in the past has been tougher on China , and introduction of a resolution overturning the MFN renewal may be introduced .
As the writer walked past counters selling meat , vegetables and clothes , tables were overturned in the melee and his bodyguards tussled with cameramen .
Local residents had to cut open the roof of the bus to free passengers trapped in the wreckage after the bus , returning from a sports meeting , overturned on a bend in the road .
In a blow to Hong Kong morale , China has made it clear that when it takes over it will overturn Governor Chris Patten 's reforms aimed at making the legislature more accountable .
He also filed a motion Monday in U.S. District Court in Greensboro , North Carolina , seeking to overturn his death sentence on grounds that the death penalty is cruel and unusual punishment .
But the Sejm would need a two-thirds majority to overturn a veto by Walesa and is widely expected not to achieve this .
It was the first of a series of IRA-related convictions overturned by appeal courts as miscarriages of justice .
`` The Range Rover then bounced back onto the motorway , overturned onto its roof and careered back across all three lanes , coming to rest upside down in the fast lane , '' a police spokesman said .
Earlier the sources said that in a separate incident , a Palestinian activist , fleeing Israeli troops in a stolen car , was killed in the West Bank when the vehicle skidded and overturned .
They tried to overturn a bill approved by the lower House of Commons in February reducing the minimum age for gay sex from 21 to 18 .
( End optional trim ) Stephen Richards , representing the Ministry of Defense , counters that the court has no jurisdiction to overturn the military regulations .
The earlier decision by the appeals court to overturn Deckert 's conviction was seen as a reversal of previous legal interpretation , which had always considered spreading the Auschwitz lie to be in breach of race hate laws .
Bjorklund sued to overturn the adoption shortly after it was granted and a circuit judge ruled in October 1992 that he had been denied his rights as a father .
He later overturned that decision after learning of Bjorklund 's rape conviction .
When the European Union overturned the small quota it had been given by an international fisheries group and said it would increase its catch , Canada protested and the brawl was on .
That law was overturned by a 1992 referendum and legislation three years later clarifying what information can be given .
( Begin optional trim ) `` This boycott will stay in place until that legislation is completely overturned , '' Urmson said , adding that about 40 percent of those joining the boycott are heterosexual .
( Begin optional trim ) Nelson spent 11 years on death row before his conviction was overturned .
( Optional add end ) North was convicted of felonies for lying to Congress about the scheme , but those convictions were overturned on a technicality .
The over-adrenalized Republican Revolutionaries of the last Congress foolishly tried to overturn the status quo in a two-year span .
It argued that Congress does n't have the right to impose such obligations on the states and that separation-of-powers principles were violated when Congress passed a law specifically to overturn a Supreme Court ruling .
Earlier this spring , Congress passed a law specifically to overturn Matsch 's ruling .
However , Baltimore was ultimately vindicated when the charges against his colleague were overturned on appeal last summer and the investigators who brought them were discredited .
And they warned Clinton that if he tries to block the bill for a second time in three years , abortion opponents may well muster the small handful of votes needed to overturn his action .
The proposed legislation would overturn laws adopted during the Great Depression to create barriers between banking and other financial activities after the collapse of hundreds of banks involved in reckless securities marketing and speculation .
The parents of a white child in Montgomery County also have sued to overturn racial preferences in admissions to public school programs with limited enrollment .
They might cite 15 or 20 reasons for overturning his conviction or possible death sentence , lawyers say .
Clinton recently announced that he was extending MFN status to China for another year , and under the law Congress can vote to overturn his decision within 90 days .
As a practical matter , White House aides say , Clinton will veto any measure Congress passes revoking MFN , and there is no prospect that such action would be overturned .
That new evidence formed the basis for Dickey 's ruling overturning Pratt 's conviction , Garcetti said .
But in terms of domestic politics , the Tiananmen wound still could play a major role in overturning this regime .
This month , Israel 's supreme court will hear a petition filed by a newspaper in Jerusalem seeking to overturn the law barring publication of the name of the Shabak chief .
The State of Wisconsin Investment Board , which owns 3 million K mart shares , led the campaign to overturn the stock issue .
Grossi said the program faced some internal opposition , including criticism from one manager who saw his disciplinary action overturned by a panel .
The House vote represented the third time that Congress has set out to overturn a 1989 Supreme Court decision protecting flag burning as a form of free speech .
A District Court had ruled that every one of the 84 documents involved were protected from disclosure , but Tuesday the appeals court overturned that outcome .
But their greatest setback occurred two years ago , when the court overturned a long-standing assumption about the Voting Rights Act .
In effect , said several mental health experts , the ruling misuses mental hospitals for punishment purposes , singles out a single category of violent criminal for unlimited incarceration and overturns 40-year-old standards for involuntarily committing the mentally ill .
Although it overturned the government decree , the mid-level administrative court did not rule out a ban on female circumcision , saying parliament could enact such a law .
Cairo Administrative Court Judge Abdul Aziz Hamade overturned a 1996 decree that forbade doctors and other health-care workers from performing the operation , either in public hospitals or in private clinics .
A decorated Vietnam War veteran with two Purple Hearts , two Bronze Stars and a Silver Star , Pratt had failed in four previous petitions to have his conviction overturned .
With the 1993 law , Congress acted to overturn that decision and to restore the court 's previous ruling , which required special treatment for religious claimants .
The decision overturns a pair of lower-court decisions that had found a constitutional right to die with the aid of a doctor .
Lawyers representing the doctors , patients and assisted-suicide advocacy groups who sought to overturn the state bans were peppered with sharp and skeptical questions when the case was argued in January .
The Supreme Court in overturning the appellate court opinions recognized the distinction between physician-assisted suicide and withdrawal of treatment and rejected the attempt to equate them .
Last week , the Supreme Court overturned those limits , saying they were so broad they violated First Amendment free speech rights of adults .
Although the Supreme Court overturned that law last week on free-speech grounds , it clearly rattled the Internet community .
We will use every legal means available to overturn this unjust verdict , which is not a final judgment .
Although this will present a major challenge , given the power of vested interests and the government 's budget constraints , it is quite a different mandate from one that seeks to overturn Mexico 's entire economic strategy .
WASHINGTON The Clinton administration Thursday asked Congress to overturn a key provision of a tough new immigration law that threatens tens of thousands of long-time Central American immigrants with deportation .
The retired marine lieutenant colonel , whose convictions were later overturned on a technicality , is part of an unpredictable four-man contest .
Papandreou , 75 , did little to ease concerns before the Greek presidency started January 1 , overturning the privatization and economic austerity programs of the defeated conservatives .
-- The court unanimously gave more protection to parodies from copyright infringement lawsuits , overturning a ruling that the rap music version of the well-known 1960s classic song `` Oh , Pretty Woman '' was an unfair ripoff .
The survivors said they thought that between 100 and 150 people died when their overloaded craft overturned after leaving an area near the western town of St Marc .
At least four members of Israel 's parliament said Sunday they will ask the Israeli Supreme Court to overturn the decision not to indict him .
A similar initiative was passed in Colorado but was overturned by the courts .
For instance , the LDP has long sought to overturn a ban on holding companies originally imposed by the U.S. after World War II as part of a plan to break up the prewar zaibatsu corporate groups .
Gerry Adams , president of the IRA 's political wing Sinn Fein , meanwhile launched a high court bid to try to overturn a British government exclusion order banning him from the mainland .
More than 100 members of the 435-member House are sponsoring a measure to overturn that decision and impose higher tariffs on products from the Chinese army , the defense industry and certain products from state-owned enterprises .
Angry opposition members rushed to the podium , overturning it and ripping off microphones .
Many are worried they could run into political trouble in the November congressional elections if they vote for an employer mandate only to have it overturned in the Senate where it is in doubt .
PARIS ( Reuter ) - France 's constitutional watchdog Saturday partially overturned a controversial law to enforce use of the French language but the government said offenders could still be prosecuted for using foreign words .
The Islamists say they do not want to overturn the existing order , merely make it more Islamic .
He said that while he may appeal , his lawyers told him he had virtually no chance of overturning the ruling .
The Bloody Sunday Justice Campaign wants the report overturned and the names of the dead cleared once and for all .
Leutheusser-Scharrenberger said she hoped the Federal Court of Justice would again overturn the Mannheim ruling .
A commuter train carrying local passengers crashed into the freight wagons and its rear two carriages leapt the rails and overturned .
Witnesses said the ferry overturned in a strong current only 200 yards from shore and sank in a whirlpool within minutes .
The ferry overturned and sank in the river at Chandpur , about 65 miles from Dhaka Saturday afternoon .
Government attorneys argued that overturning the policy , which took effect in February 1994 , could damage military effectiveness because gays serving openly in the armed forces would disrupt unit cohesiveness .
Under Senate rules , supporters of the bill would need 60 votes to overturn a point of order the Republicans could raise , meaning 41 votes would sustain it .
Overturning such a maneuver , called a point of order , would require 60 votes .
With Cardenas threatening resistance , his critics have already pounced , accusing him of hypocrisy and trying to overturn the results of a clean election through possibly violent street protests .
Six Republicans joined 55 Democrats in voting to overturn the point of order while 38 Republicans and one Democrat voted to sustain it .
Her arrest for violating local segregation laws caused blacks to boycott the city 's bus system and eventually overturned the laws .
The protesters , members and supporters of the Centro Leoncavallo , a cultural , political and social centre founded by left-wing groups in 1976 , threw missiles at police , burned and overturned cars .
The youths , many with their faces covered , overturned cars to use as barricades , setting fire to at least two , and pelted police with stones .
At a press conference at Wisconsin Academy prep school where she moved Sunday , Higuchi said she would continue fighting to overturn the electoral law .
The ruling overturned a regional court decision to fine a man for asking a hospital to end intravenous feeding for his 72-year-old mother who had been in a coma for three years with irreversible brain damage .
Masked men threatened police and overturned and burned a van , while gangs of women jeered at troops , who eventually brought the disturbance under control .
Men in masks armed with sticks and axe handles threatened police , and gangs overturned and burned a van before being dispersed .
There have been no IRA attacks since the guerrilla group announced it was switching its fight to overturn British sovereignty in Northern Ireland into the political arena .
The vote overturned a senate rejection , and President Kwasniewski has promised to sign the measure .
Last November 17 a federal appeals court overturned a 1986 order that extradited Demjanjuk to Israel and said the Justice Department committed fraud in prosecuting him .
Earlier this month the Alberta Court of Appeal overturned a second conviction against Keegstra of promoting hatred on the grounds that the jury in the case was not provided with all of the information it had requested .