Plum told reporters that Nixon , who was earlier reported to be paralysed and unable to speak , was `` under closer scrutiny '' after a CAT-scan of his brain showed it had swelled following his stroke .
-- A man sentenced to the maximum 10 years in prison for killing a couple and paralysing their four-year-old child while he drove drunk was ordered to hang a photograph of the victims in his cell .
`` She suffered a stroke and was paralysed when she was sent to the hospital early this morning , '' the spokeswoman added .
His flamboyant career ground to an abrupt halt when he suffered a cerebral hemorrhage that required surgery and left him nearly paralysed on his left side .
Hector Leyva Torres , deputy director of Pemex 's southern region , said activities at company plants linked by the pipelines had been paralysed because of the blast , according to official news agency Notimex .
Information Minister Mohammad Salman suggested last month that the elections had already paralysed Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin 's decision-making powers , and that no new ideas could be expected from Israel .
Ngendakumana was unwilling to point the finger directly at the army but others were , though none would give a name in a country paralysed by fear .
`` We will intensify our movement and if necessary completely paralyse the hospitals , '' a nurse told reporters .
PARIS , March 30 ( Reuter ) - France was virtually paralysed on Thursday by a wave of public transport strikes to demand higher pay and an end to job cuts in the midst of a presidential election campaign .
It is designed to paralyse and kill in minutes .
As a result , India 's software industry is healthy , while China 's is paralysed by piracy , association chief Ken Wasch said recently in Beijing .
`` Those who are seeking to paralyse the country are condemning us to poverty and to a future that holds neither development nor progress , '' said Frei in the southern town of Canete .
`` He has shrapnel in the back and is paralysed from the waist down .
`` We see it as essential to have a consolidated and cohesive government , '' said the premier , who resigned on Friday citing rifts within his 29-member outgoing cabinet paralysing his ambitious multi-billion dollar rebuilding plans .
ABUJA - The political infighting which this week 's African Development Bank meeting was supposed to bury resurfaced with a vengeance , ensuring Bank operations will remain virtually paralysed for several more months .
But the Serbs ' belligerent response has paralysed the U.N. mission in Bosnia and the will of the Big Powers to bludgeon the Serbs into compliance with U.N. authority because of fears of retaliatory action against hostages .
Youths paralysed activity in many areas on Monday , forcing shops to close and setting at least two vehicles ablaze .
ROME - The Italian government said it had ordered pilots of state carrier Alitalia to halt a wildcat strike that has paralysed the airline .
Tension remained high in Karachi after a four-day spree of violence that cost 100 lives and paralysed this city of 12 million until Monday , when the MQM called off a strike .
`` That is why it is important not to be hypnotized , and not to be paralysed by the crisis of the moment .
Brokers said the weakness of Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama coalition government , which faces elections late this month , had helped to paralyse policy-making and prevented authorities from coming up with strong market-boosting steps .
Despite some successes on the ground , the mission has been paralysed by U.N. bureaucracy and the differing political and diplomatic aims of the Big Powers .
Washington said the new policy envisaged action far beyond the pinprick air raids to which NATO had been limited in the past by Akashi , enabling the Serbs to humiliate and paralyse the largest U.N. mission in history .
Fighting between the Kurdish factions has led to the collapse of local administration in the region and paralysed a power-sharing agreement that followed regional elections in 1992 .
But any regional administration has been paralysed for nearly eight months .
The Kashmir Valley was paralysed on Wednesday by a strike called by separatists to protest against the abductions .
DHAKA , Sept 6 ( Reuter ) - Hundreds of police and paramilitary soldiers imposed tight security in the Bangladesh capital Dhaka on Wednesday as a daylong strike led by the opposition virtually paralysed the city , witnesses said .
The Kurdish regional parliament has been paralysed since a round of fighting broke out last December .
He regained consciousness , but is blind , paralysed from the shoulders down and can speak only with great difficulty .
DHAKA - A general strike paralysed the Bangladesh capital Dhaka and four other major cities in the latest opposition-led stoppage intensifying efforts to oust Prime Minister Begum Khaleda Zia .
Kyodo , quoting police sources , did not identify the exact type of bacillus but said it could have paralysed victims .
Kyodo , quoting police sources , did not identify the type of germ but said it could have paralysed victims and killed them .
The MQM has paralysed Karachi for at least 18 days this year with strikes in protest at alleged extra-judicial killings of its activists by the security forces , who deny the charge .
Legislative work would be paralysed during what could be a protracted period of coalition-forming between parties with incompatible positions on the key issue of whether or not to reunify with China , analysts said .
`` I was dastardly tortured until I became virtually partially paralysed .
It said Guatemala 's legal system was `` virtually paralysed , '' and incapable of investigating crimes , even threats and attacks against its own judges and prosecutors .
`` This lack of cooperation proves particularly paralysing for our tribunal when it comes to the execution of arrest warrants , '' he said .
DHAKA , Nov 11 ( Reuter ) - A daylong strike virtually paralysed Bangladesh on Saturday as opposition parties launched yet another stoppage to press demands for national elections under a neutral caretaker government , witnesses said .
`` The last child to be paralysed by polio in all of India may well be born within the next five years , '' it said .
KCCI president Haji Shafiq-ur-Rehman , a former provincial minister and MQM parliamentarian , said the calculation assumed a strike that paralysed all commercial and industrial activity .
They said the guards sprayed the Egyptians with a chemical substance which paralysed them and caused them injuries .
But OPEC , although frequently paralysed by members ' political rivalries , does n't take sides in any political issue .
Despite some successes on the ground , the mission was paralysed by U.N. bureaucracy and the differing political and diplomatic aims of the Big Powers .
`` Both men wish to restart a dialogue that would allow everyone to make themselves heard other than by paralysing the country , '' Barrot said .
The people , stupefied by democratic lies and raw vodka , have been paralysed for almost 10 years , '' the Communist Party 's election manifesto declares .
Those crippled , blinded or paralysed by gunshots , and relatives of those killed , said they remain haunted by scenes from probably the most traumatic events in South Korea since the 1950-53 Korean War .
That meant no let-up in protest actions against proposed welfare cutbacks that have paralysed urban transport , rail travel and freight shipments , causing record traffic jams around Paris and hitting mail deliveries and utility services .
The surviving daughter was found in a back room , partially paralysed and suffering from stab wounds to her neck , detective inspector Ron Pickering told reporters .
A nationwide rail strike , which has paralysed freight shipments across France , was in its ninth day Saturday with no sign of letting up .
The most serious labour unrest in France in a decade has paralysed passenger rail and freight shipments , shut down Paris-region bus and commuter rail networks and begun to cut into mail deliveries , utilities and other public services .
He was faring well and had not been paralysed .
But history is so full of tantalising coincidences it is hard to ignore the parallels between the beleagured Chirac , whose capital is paralysed by strikes against his government 's austerity plan , and the legendary soldier-president .
The two-week-old strike has totally paralysed national rail and Paris public transport services and has spread to electricity , gas , telephone and airline workers and civil servants , including many teachers .
The SNCF state railway said the network was paralysed as the strike continued .
KARACHI , Pakistan ( Reuter ) - Pakistani authorities ordered a judicial inquiry Sunday into the murders of the brother and nephew of an ethnic leader as a protest strike paralysed Karachi and other southern towns .
Lifting the specter of war in the Balkans would be a much-needed diplomatic coup for France , whose President Jacques Chirac has drawn global wrath over nuclear testing and faces strikes that have all but paralysed the country .
Lifting the spectre of war in the Balkans would be a much-needed diplomatic coup for France , whose President Jacques Chirac has drawn global wrath over nuclear testing and faces strikes that have all but paralysed the country .
The furore over Communications Minister Sukh Ram 's handling of tenders by local and international firms to operate basic telephone services across India has paralysed parliamentary business since December 6 .
Rao has kept a low profile throughout a controversy that had paralysed parliament for nine consecutive sessions , leaving his parliamentary affairs minister V.C. Shukla to manage an opposition baying for blood .
He was paralysed and returned to Britain for treatment .
Ruling politicians seemed paralysed in an uneasy coalition that appalled already apathetic voters , and elite bureaucrats were battered by scandals and policy blunders .
The walkouts paralysed the railways and disrupted other services .
The country 's main port of Chittagong was paralysed but the other port at Mongla was partly operating , officials said .
The country 's main port of Chittagong was paralysed but the other port at Mongla was partially open , officials said .
The second postponement was announced on the first day of a 48-hour opposition-led strike , which has largely paralysed the country .
Rwanda 's prisons are crammed with more than 50,000 suspects awaiting trial but the legal system is virtually paralysed .
DHAKA , Jan 17 ( Reuter ) - Bangladesh was virtually paralysed on Wednesday at the start of a day-long strike called by opposition parties in their latest effort to force elections under a neutral authority .
The opposition paralysed parliament last month with a protest against alleged government favouritism in the awarding of phone licences .
Amir , who said he shot Rabin to stop the Israeli leader from swapping land for peace with the Arabs , told the court last week he had only meant to paralyse Rabin rather than kill him .
Do n't let yourself be paralysed by the bullying and cunning of one of your allies , '' D'Alema said in a reference to Fini .
Some of the alleged victims who were paralysed or blinded by torture may testify to dramatise the horrors of the time , legal sources said .
Amir told the court at a previous hearing that he pulled the trigger but only meant to paralyse Rabin , not to kill him .
DHAKA - The ruling Bangladesh Nationalist Party ( BNP ) won an expected easy victory in general elections , but boycotting opposition leaders dismissed the vote and pledged fresh action to paralyse the country .
The south Asian nation has frequently been paralysed by strikes and shutdowns since 1994 as the opposition relentlessly tried to force Khaleda to resign .
Analysts said the opposition was all the more embarrassed as it had paralysed parliament over the issue in December .
`` Opposition parties who paralysed parliament for several weeks should interpret the judgment as a rap on their collective knuckles , '' The Indian Express said .
After a couple of weeks during which diplomats in Baghdad reported the government paralysed by uncertainty , Saddam fought back by staging a national referendum last October that showed nearly 100 percent support for his rule .
Yigal Amir has admitted pulling the trigger but has said he intended only to paralyse the prime minister , not to kill him .
Amir , a 25-year-old religious Jews , has admitted to shooting Rabin at a Tel Aviv peace rally last November to try to halt Israeli-Arab peace moves but has said he only meant to paralyse the late prime minister .
Amir has admitted he shot Rabin to halt Israeli-Arab peace moves but claims he meant only to paralyse him .
Many Palestinians denounce the suicide bombings which killed 58 people but they also say Israel 's tough response has paralysed life in their communities and spread fear among Palestinians of possible retaliation by right-wing Israelis .
He has arrested more than 600 suspects and paralysed but not formally closed Hamas institutions .
The MQM has responded to such killings in the past with protest strikes that have paralysed Pakistan 's economic hub and brokers at the Karachi bourse said stocks were sliding in anticipation of further tension in the troubled city .
Amir has said he wanted to paralyse Rabin when he shot him on November 4 in order to stop Israel 's peace moves with Palestinians .
Buyers were afraid delivery would be impossible because the strikes paralysed rail transport , it said .
Mahamane won elections in 1993 after two decades of army rule , but his government became paralysed by a standoff between him and his prime minister , who was from a different party .
Life across Bangladesh was still largely paralysed on Sunday although troops have helped limited movement of goods from Chittagong port since Friday , port officials said .
Troops cordoned off the secretariat as protesters , staging a sit-in to paralyse an administration already faltering under the opposition 's two week-old general strike , scattered to escape the teargas .
Life across Bangladesh was largely paralysed on Monday although troops have helped limited movement of goods from Chittagong port since Friday , port officials said .
Smoldon , now a philosophy student , is paralysed from the shoulders down and has no bowel or bladder control .
But most other activity in the city remained paralysed by an indefinite strike called on Sunday to protest against the security forces ' sealing off of the Hazratbal shrine .
The court rejected Amir 's contention he had meant only to paralyse Rabin to stop peace moves with the Arabs .
Many offices and businesses , which had been paralysed by political strikes , opened for the first time in weeks .
Many were crippled , blinded or paralysed by gunfire .
But many Kwangju citizens are fed up with never-ending protests , tear gas and fire bombs that regularly paralyse the city .
In Paris , France said it was ready to reinforce protection of its nationals in the Central African Republic and backed President Ange-Felix Patasse Friday as an army pay revolt paralysed the capital Bangui for the second day .
`` We do n't want the coming National Assembly to be paralysed , but we will seek a grand opposition alliance against the ruling party 's malicious manoeuvering , '' a joint statement by the opposition heads said .
His wife Helena , paralysed from the neck down for several years after a fall , died two weeks ago .
Concern about the programme 's fate rose over the weekend after parliamentary speaker Rita Suessmuth joined a small but growing number of critics and trade unions girded to paralyse transport , hospitals and other services this week in protest .
The abuse was triggered by Prime Minister John Major 's announcement on Tuesday that Britain would paralyse European Union business unless the beef ban , imposed because of fears over mad cow disease , was lifted .