The grand jury also charged that after the sinking company officers sought to have surviving crewmen change their accounts of the incident to thwart investigators .
Now I am not a slave , '' said black motor mechanic Daniel Chabalala , who repairs old cars on makeshift ramps sunk into the mud and grime of a vacant lot .
Housing advocates also fear that fierce opposition in local communities could sink the plan , because the voucher initiative might generate a backlash from middle-class residents who do not want public housing tenants living in their midst .
The ferry , which had a capacity of 150 passengers , sank shortly after leaving the harborside village of Mtongwe crowded with morning rush-hour commuters on a trip to Mombasa island .
On the former , the United States is piling up a bigger and bigger trade deficit , while on the latter , foreign investors are yanking money out of sinking U.S. stock and bond markets .
And so amid the high-rise apartment buildings and low-cost factories in this Chinese boom town , three Chinese companies decided to sink about $ 60 million into a park that would take visitors around the world in 80 minutes .
Of these , 323 were aboard the General Belgrano , a battleship which was sunk as it headed home and away from an exclusion zone declared around the islands by Britain .
Quoting survivors , they said the large canoe was carrying 54 people when it sank before dawn Monday .
The burned-out ferry floated nearly submerged until Thursday afternoon , when it finally sank .
Kohl , fearing that defections from the conservative party 's ranks could sink Herzog , reminded delegates of their responsibilities to the party , CDU sources told Reuters .
`` Soldiers , heavily laden with carbines , ammunition and provisions on their backs , began to sink .
A northern military statement said on Sunday night that its forces had shot down four southern warplanes and sank four vessels in the last three days .
`` Clearly it 's going to sink soon , '' a spokeswoman for the Brest naval rescue station said , adding the rescue operation was hampered by high winds and rough seas .
French naval authorities said Friday the ship was sinking rapidly off Spain 's Cape Ortegal in the Bay of Biscay between France and Spain .
Tourism is already booming in the Cayman Islands , but officials in the British territory think they have found a way to make the numbers even better : sink a ship .
Tourist officials in the Florida Keys , San Diego , the Bahamas and a few other places have also sunk ships to boost tourism .
Union representatives and families of the crew have long said the Derbyshire sank because design flaws made it prone to break up in high seas .
The free fall in U.S. corn and wheat futures prices continued yesterday , with new reports of bumper crops causing the grains to sink to their lowest levels in 17 months .
Pate 's putt-total was helped when he went out in a flourish by sinking a 60-footer from just off the green at the 18th .
Els recovered slightly from his triple bogey on the next hole when he sank a long putt for birdie .
Four bodies were recovered , although survivors said more than 80 others perished when the boat sank .
An inner-city redevelopment plan was forming around the idea of sinking tens of millions of dollars into depressed black neighborhoods .
Like any practical traveler , I hoped to navigate my way through this sea of conflicting exchange rates without getting sunk .
This , of course , depends on your spending habits and the amount you could afford to lose to a pickpocket without sinking your vacation .
Distributed by the Los Angeles Times-Washington Post News Service Comet Hale-Bopp will conclude its spectacular show this month , sinking closer to the Western horizon each day and becoming more difficult to see in the twilight .
In less than five minutes the 13th of March had sunk , with more than two dozen people still hiding in its hold .
Official accounts of the incident printed in the government newspaper Granma said the 13th of March sank after an `` accident '' in which one of the government tugboats collided with it while attempting to rescue the passengers .
It sank to the last spot on most evening news broadcasts Thursday night .
You want the base low enough so that the first row will sink below ground level .
He sank four birdie putts of more than 15 feet , including a curling 50 footer on the second hole .
Kennedy said he had been told by 15 Democrats that they received calls from `` Cabinet-level '' and other top officials shortly before Wednesday 's vote warning that approval of the proposal could sink the budget agreement .
The legislation also allows accelerated depreciation of billions of dollars sunk into nuclear power plants , and it will lower rates for residential and small businesses .
At the same time , public confidence in the news media sank to new lows for reasons that are still not fully understood .
But by that time virtually all traces of the killer have vanished : The newly engorged Pfiesteria quickly transform themselves into cysts and sink back into the mud of the riverbed .
`` We have no proverbial tea to dump ; should we instead sink a ship of Japanese imports ?
In the previous decade , the company had sunk under the weight of financial troubles and a Gucci family feud .
They have sunk an estimated $ 50 billion into Hong Kong assets over the past decade , making mainland China one of the colony 's leading investors .
That 's too bad for Washington and for them the Europeans need us badly as they sink deeper and deeper into their Maastrichtian swamp .
The company sunk an additional $ 700,000 into the project to manufacture , distribute and finance a hefty marketing campaign that included posters , tote bags and stickers for retailers nationwide .
London is on a roll vibrant , upbeat , brimming with optimism ; Paris , on the other hand , is sunk in the slough of despond .
Executives of the big three networks recognize the fundamental shift taking place but insist that it 's premature to press the panic button , despite the historic lows to which they 've sunk this summer .
The economy showed an upward blip in the first quarter of this year but now is sinking toward recession again .
Environment Department official Anton Moldan told Reuters an aerial survey showed more oil might be leaking from the vessel which sank with its 36-member crew on June 20 off Cape coast .
Talks between the Croatian government and Serbs from the breakaway Krajina region were cancelled earlier this month , and diplomatic sources accused the Serbs of sinking the talks by refusing to compromise on protocol issues .
Environmental officials said Thursday small quantities of oil were still bubbling from the point where the bulk carrier , laden with iron ore for China , was believed to have sunk .
But those hopes sank deeply when an appeals court ruled Tuesday that judges have no power to disregard such prior convictions .
Seventeen crew of the fishing boat Nino were missing after their vessel sank Wednesday night off Leyte island 360 miles southeast of Manila along with 10 sailors from the Dragon Star .
A Norwegian court recently sentenced Sea Shepherd leader Paul Watson and Distefano to four months in jail for trying to sink a Norwegian whaling vessel in December 1992 .
Jorge Uctuz , one of the people arrested , told police he traded in explosives and used them for blowing up rocks and sinking wells .
She lost three children and two cousins when the overloaded boat sank .
The vessel sank hours after leaving Saldanha Bay in the Cape for Beilun in China with a cargo of iron ore .
And whalers this year have to pay war risk insurance premiums , partly after Watson 's group tried to sink a whaling vessel in port .
HAVANA ( Reuter ) - Cuban authorities said Saturday that a tugboat stolen last week by a group of Cubans trying to leave the island sank after a collision with a government vessel that was trying to intercept it .
An Interior Ministry statement published in the ruling Communist Party daily Granma reiterated earlier official statements that 31 people had been rescued after the tugboat sank before dawn seven miles north of Havana .
Fishing representatives here said there had been no injuries but France said one of its boats was sinking after being rammed by a Spanish vessel .
Bulgaria 's Hristo Stoichkov was left stranded as his team sank and he failed to score the one goal he needed to go top of the table as leading scorer of USA '94 .
Cuban authorities said Saturday that some people were missing after the tugboat sank after a collision with a government vessel that was trying to intercept it before dawn Wednesday seven miles north of Havana .
Cuban authorities have said an unstated number of people were missing after the tugboat sank before dawn last Wednesday , north of Havana , after a collision with a Transport Ministry vessel trying to intercept it .
But their financing scheme -- a requirement that employers pay most of workers ' health costs -- ran into stiff opposition in Congress and threatened to sink the entire reform effort .
After rising sharply in early trading as high-tech stocks rose on the IBM outlook , the group sank as investors took profits out of some of last week 's gainers .
It said one of the vessels was in collision with the tugboat , after which it sank .
Cuban authorities have said the tugboat , stolen by a group of 63 Cubans from Havana port , sank after colliding accidentally with one of three Transport Ministry tugboats that tried to intercept it .
Also Friday , the exchange rate of the Haitian currency , the gourde , continued to sink in response to a flood of new money being released by the nation 's Central Bank to stem a troublesome currency shortage .
When it sank to 500 dinars to the dollar two months ago , Saddam took personal control of the cabinet as prime minister .
Doctors , lawyers , army officers and even journalists sank cash into MMM , a scheme that apparently depended on a constant flow of new investors for its payouts .
Rescuers saved two of 24 fishermen from two trawlers which sank in rough seas off the southern island of Cheju .
He said 65 vessels sank and 35 houses were destroyed by the storm and 18 sections of road were swept away .
`` Unless the Iranian leaders reconsider all this they will find themselves sinking further down the abyss , '' he said , reviewing their long-standing hostility .
It was sunk by a combination of NRA-led conservatives the opposed gun-control features , blacks who wanted a buffer against racial-bias in sentencing included and Republicans who opposed social-spending provisions .
The crime bill was sunk by a combination of NRA-led conservatives who opposed gun-control features , blacks who wanted a buffer against apparent racial-bias in sentencing included and Republicans who opposed social-spending provisions .
The Welshman , who began the day one shot off the pace , improved to four-under-par with two early birdies before sinking at the seventh hole .
On consecutive possessions , the 29-year-old point guard sliced between Croatian defenders for one layup , spun off Radja , who was playing with four fouls , for a second layup and sank two free throws .
Price sank a 50-foot putt for eagle on the penultimate hole to triumph last month at Turnberry .
A Navy spokesman said it was not yet known why the 9,000-ton gross weight Egyptian ship had sunk or what its destination was .
Witnesses said the ferry overturned in a strong current only 200 yards from shore and sank in a whirlpool within minutes .
The ferry overturned and sank in the river at Chandpur , about 65 miles from Dhaka Saturday afternoon .
It would involve sinking 10 steel cables up to 160 feet below ground and anchoring them to a reinforced concrete neck that would be built around the base of the 14th century white marble tower .
Crew members try to sink the rafts after picking up the passengers , said Petty Officer Luis Diaz .
The crew sent a distress call as the vessel , on its way from Brazil to China , sank Saturday midway between the islands of Tristan da Cunha and St Helena .
Quayle said he expects Republicans to do well in upcoming elections , adding , `` The administration of President Clinton in particular is sinking like a rock .
A word to the wise : If you 're thinking about sinking a large amount of money into a stock mutual fund between now and the end of the year , watch out .
People who sink their money into a fund just before such a payout will , in effect , have some of their own money handed back to them and then be subject to income tax on it for 1996 .
He got the ball , made a move and went up to sink the winning basket .
Mitchell had meetings scheduled late Wednesday with mainstream leaders Republican John Chafee of Rhode Island and Democrat John Breaux of Louisiana but most observers say those efforts appear to be sinking .
He said he waited too long to drive out , and when he attempted to escape on an inflatable raft Monday night , the raft sank .
In Mexico City , stocks sank 1.4 % on continued anxiety about the peso 's weakness on the eve of a pact between government , labor and business that will affect the economy .
The boat was reported to be sinking fast Tuesday .
The boat has partially sunk about five miles off the coast .
`` The credibility of the prime minister has sunk to below the critical line , '' said Jaan Kaplinski of the opposition Centrist Party .
The ground , much of it already below sea level , is sinking .
Sinking rates will be " a major contribution " to cost-cutting efforts , said Robert D. White , global transportation manager there .
Mikko Montonen , captain lieutenant at the Turku Sea Rescue centre , said earlier that more than 10 people had been rescued since the Estonia had sunk .
Montonen said only a handful of people had been rescued since the Estonia had sunk on its way from Tallinn , the Estonian capital , to Stockholm .
One survivor had told him that the Estonia sank very quickly , he said .
Montonen said about 30 people had been rescued so far from the scene where the passenger ferry Estonia sank .
One survivor said the ship listed and sank within five minutes .
The 15,566-ton Estonia was on its way from the Estonian capital of Tallinn to Stockholm when it sank shortly after sending out a distress call reporting that it was listing badly .
Other officials said the Estonia sank within an hour of the distress call and before rescue vessels could reach it .
The Estonia set sail from Tallinn on the regular run across the Baltic Tuesday evening , sinking about six hours later in 20-foot waves .
The ferry was carrying 867 passngers and crew from the Estonian capital Tallinn to Stockholm when it sank in a storm .