She and Mr. A had just returned from their daily morning walk when she slumped to the kitchen floor .
Domestic chip demand had been slumping since roughly a year ago , because of a chip glut and tumbling memory-chip prices .
But when Moriarty took over after Chamberlain 's contract ended , business slumped .
The paper quoted one former official as blaming Major , whose popularity has slumped under a series of electoral defeats and policy U-turns , for failing to take a personal interest in the party 's finances .
Robin Bain was found slumped against a bean bag in the family room .
Long-term interest rates on 30-year bonds jumped to over 7.5 percent , while blue chip stocks slumped by nearly 50 points before recovering a bit .
In Manila , shares slumped 1.3 % after a technical rebound faltered amid continued weak sentiment .
Her body was found later in the women 's room , slumped on a toilet .
At the same time , however , some staff members privately contend the second-term White House is suffering from slumping morale and a dearth of creative energy .
One comic moment came when , glumly presiding over a planning meeting , he slumped in dismay at the idea of having to go to a royal film premiere .
They are expected to slump further to 50 million gourdes ( $ 3.57 million ) in June and , as the economic sanctions bite deeper , are unlikely to recover in the coming months .
But the loss of the flawed genius left them looking more like a cocktail of depressants as they slumped to third place in their group .
By the end of 90 minutes both sides looked close to exhaustion and the number of bodies slumped on the grass suggested that extra time was going to be a trial for everyone .
Passengers in the vehicles were slumped dead in their seats .
When drug companies the market 's favorite growth issues of the 1980s began to slump in 1992 on talk of federal health care reform , the entire growth-stock sector cracked .
His head slumped on to his chest on Sunday as he stood in disbelief after missing a penalty shot that gave Brazil the title in the first shoot-out decider in a final .
The defendant , who faces up to 22 years in prison , slumped forward and cradled her head in her hands as the verdict was read .
The dollar slumped against the yen in New York Thursday as dealers feared the latest evidence that Japan 's huge surplus is persisting could worsen the bilateral trade dispute .
World oil prices slumped Monday on signs that the clampdown on the striking oil workers was bearing fruit .
She then slumped over Newman 's body , desperately trying to save his life .
It was the second time since last month that nationalist politicians , who have slumped badly in opinion polls , have talked about uniting their supporters ahead of the national election October 16 .
Clinton and Cuomo , both slumping in the polls , heaped praise on each other to the extent that each is doing essential work in remarks during the church service .
The Soviet Union used to rake in billions of dollars from arms sales but receipts slumped after the Communist superpower collapsed .
One result in a working class district of Vienna showed backing for the Social Democrats had slumped near 12 percent .
The Francophone Socialist Party , in particular , slumped in popularity due to a string of scandals in which senior Socialists have been implicated .
Rosemarie Simmen , chair of the upper house of parliament 's Economics and Spending Committee , said lawmakers laid Stich on the ground after he first slumped in his chair and lost consciousness during a morning session of parliament .
Elena Bereznaya and Oleg Schliakhov of Latvia who were first after the technical segment slumped in the free skate and dropped to second .
The jovial dictator they had come to think as immortal after 35 years of hard-line rule was pale and slumped , clearly in shock .
WASHINGTON ( Reuter ) - Wholesale prices fell unexpectedly for a second straight month in October as car prices posted their sharpest drop in a year and gasoline and heating oil prices also slumped , the government said Thursday .
But , partly as a result of the loss of Soviet economic ties , industrial and agricultural output have slumped and living standards have fallen for many of the 17 million population .
Growers are optimistic that this year 's sale , inspired by a global economic recovery , will push prices modestly upward after four years of slumping demand .
--- Tokyo share prices slumped 1.3 % Wednesday on continued foreign selling , while many Japanese investors were sidelined until a new government is formed and its economic policies become clear .
His standing has slumped because of public anger over pension and health cuts in next year 's budget .
News of the investigation broke Tuesday as the suntanned tycoon-turned-politician was chairing a U.N. conference in Naples on organized crime and after voter support for Forza Italia slumped in local elections .
Tourism has slumped because of attacks on foreigners by Muslim militants seeking to embarrass the government and undermine the Egyptian economy , which relies on tourism for up to 20 percent of its foreign exchange earnings .
Delors ' refusal deepens the gloom for the Socialists , who slumped to a humiliating 14.4 percent of the vote in elections to the European Parliament in June this year .
With jet-fuel prices expected to remain high in the current quarter , airline stocks actually slumped a bit as the robust earnings were reported .
The Republicans captured both houses of Congress for the first time in 40 years in November 8 elections , and recent opinion polls showed his job ratings slumping below the 40 percent approval range .
The two hitmen then riddled his slumped body with a volley of bullets , got in a waiting taxi and drove away .
Deng has not been seen in public since February , when the evening television news showed him , frail and slumped , attending a Chinese New Year 's reception in Shanghai .
But the slightly out-of-focus picture revealed a Deng even more slumped and weakened than in February .
Industrial output has already slumped since independence in 1991 and double-digit monthly inflation is hitting workers ' pockets .
She then saw Mrs. Mashburn slumped on the floor by the bed , also dead from a gunshot wound to the head .
After flying in , Yeltsin , whose approval rating slumped to just 11 percent in a poll early this month , said inflation and the fall in industrial output last year were only half as great as in 1993 .
Stock prices throughout the rest of Latin America have slumped in sympathy in a dangerous replay of the market near- meltdown at the end of last month and which forced Clinton to hurriedly announce the U.S. aid .
After slumping by more than 5 percent Wednesday , share prices regained some ground Thursday on hopes the package would be completed soon , closing nearly 2 percent higher .
`` Numbers of white cranes , white storks , swans and wild geese have slumped precipitously due to increasingly rampant killing by criminal elements and ignorant locals , '' the newspaper said .
U.S.-led multinational forces on patrol in the country 's capital found Lamothe slumped in his blue Honda Civic in the city capital , said a Western diplomatic source who spoke on condition of anonymity .
Although the Federal Reserve and European central banks scrambled to buy dollars for marks and yen on international markets , the dollar slumped as a slew of sellers jumped at the opportunity to unload their stockpiles .
The Fatherland party , which had dominated the last government since the last elections in 1992 , slumped as predicted by opinion polls .
Banco de Mexico , the country 's central bank , said demand for Cetes slumped despite the lucrative returns .
Political violence has slumped since the elections led to the creation of an ANC-led government , which includes Inkatha and the white-led National Party .
The prime minister , initially the runaway favorite , had slumped to third place earlier this month as voters deserted him in droves for Chirac or the Socialist candidate Lionel Jospin .
And while the Canadian dollar has n't slumped as far as the peso , its weakness can benefit American travelers more .
But following Drollet 's death , she slumped into a deep depression .
`` The price will slump at the beginning , creating some chaos in the first two or three weeks , and then stabilise , '' he said .
Political violence , in which more than 10,000 people were killed in the four years up to last year 's elections , has slumped , but the rate of violent crime has soared .
McCurry said former foreign trade minister Sergei Glazyev , a prominent opposition parliamentarian , said Russia was facing economic problems similar to those the United States suffered in the Depression when industrial output slumped .
McCurry said former foreign trade minister Sergei Glazyev , a prominent opposition parliamentarian , had compared Russia 's economic woes to that of the American Depression of the 1930s when industrial output slumped .
Support for the SP , a member of the centre-left coalition , has slumped in the polls , raising concern the coalition will not survive the election .
Support for the SP , a member of the center-left coalition , has slumped in the polls , raising concern the coalition will not survive the election .
The French franc slumped against the deutschemark on currency markets because of what dealers said was speculation that the new president might abandon his predecessor 's strong franc policy or seek a currency realignment with Germany .
But after the decision was announced he slumped over the ropes , his face twisted in disbelief .
While political violence has slumped since President Nelson Mandela came to power at the head of a unity government in May last year , criminal violence has soared .
While political violence has slumped since Mandela came to power in May last year , criminal violence has soared .
But Gramm 's poll ratings have slumped since February when he formally launched his campaign , while Alexander 's have hovered around the two percent mark .
Photographers at the circus said Yeltsin looked tired and alternated between vigorously applauding some acts to sitting slumped in his chair , holding his head in his hands .
Photographers at the circus said Yeltsin looked tired and alternated between vigorously applauding some acts and sitting slumped in his chair , holding his head in his hands .
Both countries ' markets have slumped from fear of flood losses .
She was dressed in a housecoat , and her head was slumped against the couch .
Slumped against a tree near Devil 's Thumb a huge rock teetering at the edge of a canyon Oury looked thoroughly wiped .
Stallone , on the other hand , physically transforms himself into the slumped and groggy Freddy Heflin .
Exports already had slumped in January , as bitter cold grounded planes and disrupted truck shipments .
Exports had slumped in January , as bitter cold grounded planes and disrupted truck shipments .
A lackluster mood overhanging the Australian stock market and an absence of buying interest dragged shares down nearly 1 percent at the close with turnover slumping to a seven-month low .
Kmart stock recently slumped to yearly lows as investors grew impatient with Antonini 's efforts to revamp its image as and attract more affluent customers .
Another major loser on Thursday was the Philippines , where shares slumped after a week of strong gains .
Output slumped following the demise of its main customer , the Soviet military-industrial complex .
Output slumped following the demise of Kentau 's main customer , the Soviet military-industrial complex .
Leading London shares slumped 1.5 percent and sterling slipped nearly two German pfennigs .
Leading London shares slumped more than two percent and sterling dropped two German pfennigs .
He saw Nicole Simpson 's body slumped at the bottom of a stairway and persuaded a neighbor to call police .
Thousands of people have been killed in the deeply unpopularcampaign and Yeltsin 's own approval rating has slumped .
Smith slumped over the defense table where she sat next to her attorneys and sobbed as underwater investigator Steve Morrow told of seeing her sons Michael and Alex hanging upside down in their carseats .
Bilateral relations have slumped since June when Beijing protested Lee 's private trip to the United States .
Bilateral relations have slumped since June when Beijing protested vehemently against Lee 's private trip to the United States .
Smith slumped over the defense table and sobbed Monday as the tapes were replayed .
Susan Smith , who was convicted Saturday for murdering 3-year-old Michael and 14-month-old Alex , slumped over the defense table and sobbed as her ex-husband spoke in a slow and anguished voice .
Susan Smith , who was convicted Saturday for murdering 3-year-old Michael and 14-month-old Alex , slumped over the defense table and sobbed uncontrollably as her ex-husband spoke in a slow and anguished voice .
Slumping in opinion polls , the SPD needs a more ambitious leader like Schroeder to inspire it , critics say .
The old football booster chuckles at the memories but then sighs heavily and slumps in his chair .
Park officials say tourist numbers have slumped since the refugees arrived .
While the level of political violence has slumped in the 15 months since Mandela came to power at the head of an African National Congress-dominated unity government , violent crime has soared .
While the level of political violence has slumped in the 15 months since Mandela came to power at the head of unity government , violent crime has soared .
Russian President Boris Yeltsin became an idol of democrats for his defiance of the coup but his popularity has since slumped .
He offered no substantive concessions to China but the tone of his speech was clearly aimed at patching up relations which have slumped to their lowest point since a thaw began in the early 1980s .
Sakakibara said August 's indicators will pick up with an expected rebound in industrial production that month , but they will slump again from September to November as surplus inventories dampen growth .
One woman slumped in a car seat in tears , preparing to spend the chilly night ahead in the vehicle .
Another purports to show `` Ronald Goldman 's butchered corpse '' in blood-soaked jeans slumped against a fence , his bloodied shirt pulled up around his neck .
Following the broadcast , consumer demand for apples and apple products slumped .