There is nothing up there that coats my fevered mind in soothing syrup , and even if there were it would just short everything out .
But the Western powers , also represented in Treptow , are loath to soothe Russian military pride by glossing over 40 years when their former allies became a Cold War foe supporting communist repression in East Germany .
Janice Qualkenbush coats her face each night with a product that promises to soothe chapped udders and windburned muzzles .
President Kim Young-sam , who took office in February 1993 as the nation 's first civilian head of state in more than three decades , has tried to soothe the pent-up anger over the Kwangju massacre .
Indeed , if that effort produces an agreement to talk again it is expected to soothe jittery financial markets , even though a market-opening deal itself could be months away .
General Raymond Germanos told a news conference that further north near Kibuye troops were able to soothe the fears of a religious community .
Everywhere he went , Clinton charmed and soothed and said the words his hosts wanted to hear .
Researchers found that a new drug from Monsanto 's Searle soothed arthritis pain and inflammation with no signs so far that the drug produces ulcers .
And something about standing beneath that roof is very soothing on the eyes .
The fact that the president and his family were not harmed did not soothe some Capitol Hill legislators .
Yet by week 's end , Prime Minister Wlodzimierz Cimoszewicz , another former Communist , credited the pope with soothing a country that is just four months away from parliamentary elections .
Even recent crime statistics , following a massive overhaul of the scandal-ridden police department and already reflecting a heartening reduction in crime , did little to soothe the fears .
The ache has been soothed in other ways : The discarded broccoli plants , once a great treat for the goats , now are given to a pair of bunnies acquired to fill the pet gap .
The administration sought to soothe worries that the economy was in danger of overheating and argued against the need for a further rise in interest rates .
Roberts says the royal family enthusiastically supported Churchill 's predecessor , Neville Chamberlain , and agreed with him on the policy of trying to soothe the leaders of Germany and Italy , rather than challenging them .
Major hoped to soothe nerves by insisting Britain had given the IRA no secret pledge that Irish unification was on the way .
Clinton staged the event to soothe hurt feelings among Russians for being left out of ceremonies marking the 50th anniversary of D-Day .
NATO has been more concerned about maintaining relations with Moscow than soothing its worried neighbors .
According to Dimbleby , Charles tried his best to soothe his wife .
Listen to Nozomi Sato ( not her real name ) , who likes nothing better than a marijuana joint to soothe her nerves after a hard day 's work in the heart of Japanese industry .
But in an apparent move to soothe tensions , Kovac played down the increasingly bad image of Slovakia in recent months .
Earlier , diplomats said Velayati would seek to soothe New Delhi 's feelings , which were hurt when Rafsanjani cancelled his planned visit .
Ahern suggested that the operation , in which two nationally known Sinn Fein figures were detained , was intended to soothe pro-British Unionist concerns that the plans would weaken London 's commitment to rule Northern Ireland .
This calmed nerves and soothed the last serious banking crisis to hit London .
Under the Geneva accord , which soothed increasingly bellicose relations between the rival Korean neighbours and headed off threatened U.S. sanctions , Pyongyang froze its old nuclear programme and halted construction of two big reactors .
Under the Geneva accord , which soothed increasingly bellicose relations between the rival Korean neighbors and headed off threatened U.S. sanctions , Pyongyang froze its old nuclear program and halted construction of two big reactors .
They soothed protests from West European governments by promising that the attack would end Tuesday .
Dzhuna first became famous for reportedly soothing the declining years of the late Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev -- a subject on which she refuses to throw any light .
Clinton is seen to be reasoned , nonspecific , soothing in short , his usual self .
The answer that emerged was expansion , adopting the new democracies while soothing those left out and calming the Russians .
Aspirin can soothe migraine headaches , stop premature labor in some pregnant women and control lung inflammation caused by a common respiratory virus that is a major hazard for premature infants .
`` It 's soothing for the lungs and the bronchial passages , '' explains Andreas Berner of the village recreation office .
Jarrar uses these two to soothe a sore throat .
Even at the detox center , while her body jittered from withdrawal , she would limp out of bed to soothe her roommate , or pad down the hall in a robe to bring her orange juice .
Peacekeepers can theoretically order air strikes against guns shelling the Sarajevo `` safe area '' but U.N. officials say their current policy of trying to soothe the situation to allow for peace talks precludes such an option .
You ca n't just soothe their mantras , drop a loop over their heads and stuff them into a burlap bag .
Their disappointment turned to rage when U.N. leaders soothed Serb fears that the despatch of 10,000 reinforcements might threaten the Bosnian Serb army and blocked forceful plans to bring much-needed aid into Sarajevo .
Supporters say bringing him back into the cabinet would soothe his supporters and neuter a potential new focus for division in the party .
We soothed fevered brows with cool hands and shooed away demons with a look .
Their belief is bolstered by soothing statements about financial stability from the grandfatherly figure of Yugoslav National Bank governor Dragoslav Avramovic , the elderly architect of the program that rescued the dinar last year .
Karadzic has endlessly soothed his visitors with promises of cooperation which Mladic 's army has promptly broken .
Frei 's actions appeared to be aimed at soothing one point of friction with the military while he faces other , potentially more serious tensions over human rights abuses committed during Pinochet 's rule .
In telling this and other restoration stories , Stevens is not trying to soothe us into sappy complacency .
With huge debts and years of losses , Unicord faces a troubled future without the man who 'd soothed the company 's worried creditors .
PARIS ( Reuter ) - France tried Wednesday to soothe European and Japanese opposition to its South Pacific nuclear weapons tests and limit diplomatic damage among its major trading partners .
The quick visit to Italy was part of a U.S. effort to soothe sensibilities in that country where there is concern that it should have a larger role in the Bosnian peacekeeping effort .
Sept 13 - France announces moves to soothe European and Japanese opposition to its nuclear weapons tests in an effort to limit diplomatic damage among its major trading partners .
Western diplomats said Gligorov 's sudden loss would create a political vacuum but expected his likely successor to continue his attempts to soothe relations with powerful neighbors .
In an effort to soothe U.S. indignation , Finance Minister Masayoshi Takemura admitted to Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin that Tokyo 's reporting on Daiwa was insufficient and promised to keep in close touch with Washington in future .
While McCall gets hammered and soothed , his book may be emerging as a painful catalyst for people struggling toward a higher and more complex level of race relations .
One hospital puts on seminars entitled " Cedar Fever : Hill Country Plague " ; local Tex-Mex restaurants make double batches of soothing tortilla soup , prized for its sinus-clearing chilies , and pollen counts dominate the evening news .
They denied reports the delay was an attempt to soothe tempers among politicians as a result of two scandals involving prominent government allies .
Human rights campaigners and activist lawyers said the Japanese government tries to justify execution by saying it is the most effective way to prevent crime and soothe the feelings of the victims of criminals .
Despite the futility of their task , the memory of scattered opposition offered by several soldiers , airmen and sailors has soothed bruised Kuwaiti morale and gone at least some way toward rescuing the tiny military from total ignominy .
It is aimed at soothing fears that a conservative government would butcher the public health system .
Analysts said the latest moves in the long-running saga , which has given financial markets the jitters , were aimed at soothing public anger rather than making substantial changes to the mortgage firm plan .
The amended terms also were aimed at soothing shareholders , who will have the final say on the deal in the vote that may take place later this month .
Meanwhile , inflation-wary investors were not soothed by a calm bond market and a large drop in the Commodity Research Bureau index -- an inflation gauge .
If a hand was burned during firing , a quick dip soothed the pain .
Lee 's poll victory with 54 percent of the vote on Saturday and the immediate moves of his government to ease the worst Taiwan Strait crisis in decades soothed this island 's financial markets .
HONG KONG - China sought to soothe jittery Hong Kong residents ahead of its takeover next year of the colony , giving Britain list of things on which both sides can agree and launching a public relations campaign .
It has to happen as soon as possible , as soon as the measures have an impact , he told a news conference in conciliatory remarks clearly aimed at soothing battered British pride .
The practice is common among runners , who find the anti-inflammatory quality of the drug useful in soothing muscle pain .
Clinton will discuss the U.S.-Japan Security Alliance with Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto and keep up efforts to soothe the feelings of Okinawans who want American military bases out of the strategically located southern Japanese island .
LONDON - Yehudi Menuhin , violin virtuoso , conductor and humanitarian campaigner , enters his ninth decade still hopeful that music can help soothe the world 's problems .
But the two officials , who met in Beijing late on Friday in an effort to soothe growing anxieties in the British colony over its reversion to Chinese rule mid-next year , spoke publicly of conciliation .
The remarks stood in sharp contrast to soothing diplomatic remarks made by U.S. officials last week in Mexico during an international anti-drug conference .
Key economic appointments , including the central bank governor , the treasury undersecretary and the head of privatisation , were delayed by in-fighting , hampering efforts to tame high inflation and soothe the International Monetary Fund .
Sugita said fears about the downside risks had been soothed by recent stable domestic interest rates , the dollar 's rise against the yen and heavy gains in the Dow Jones on Tuesday .
The market was soothed by comments from Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Thomas Hoenig , who echoed the view of recent Fed officials in forecasting U.S. economic growth to taper off in the second half of the year .
When she came to government in 1979 , Thatcher did nothing to soothe Heath 's damaged pride , although he might well have refused any post she offered him .
Intel soothed some concerns on Wall Street that the latest quarter would produce grim results .
Clinton also took a moment to congratulate Irish triple gold medallist Michelle Smith , perhaps soothing ruffled feathers in Ireland over what some have called a U.S.-inspired whispering campaign about the 26-year-old swimmer .
Stocks shadowed the rebound in bonds after a key report on hourly wages soothed the frayed nerves of inflation-wary investors .
The mother , afraid she had given more than the daughter could handle , rushed to soothe .
`` We have agreed , having in mind the upcoming elections , that we want to soothe all tensions , '' Orucevic told Bosnian state radio .
Eizenstat was appointed special envoy by President Clinton to try to soothe U.S. trading partners angered by the law and to beef up international efforts to bring democracy to Cuba .
Aides said Dole was taking something called `` Throat Coat '' -- a herbal tea made of slippery elm bark -- to soothe his voice from speech after speech at a pace of about one an hour .
U.S. August consumer prices were up 0.3 percent overall versus an expected 0.4 percent rise , soothing inflation fears and further encouraging interest-sensitive shares .
Meanwhile , Greenspan again sought to soothe worries among lawmakers about the growth in derivatives , complex financial agreements linked to , or derived from , swings in stock , bond , currency and commodity prices .
Investors ' fears of an economic slowdown from rising rates were at least temporarily soothed , analysts said .
He believes that once the fourth quarter earnings roll out , investors will be sufficiently soothed by improving corporate performance to shrug off any renewed fears of inflation and higher U.S. interest rates .
Since acquiring the stake , Brierley chief executive Paul Collins has moved to soothe ruffled feathers by saying BIL does not seek board representation , is a long-term investor and has learnt from its NZ News experience .
Do away with affirmative action , the politicians seem to say , and it will soothe the economic anxiety afflicting white men .
Pepper , however , has remained in the shadows , and is known for soothing managers ruffled by Mr. Artzt 's decisions or management style .
Sensing Peter is getting wild , Ms. Tramonti asks him to soothe a fussy baby in the playpen .
Fed policy makers also soothed markets by giving notice that they intend to remain on the sidelines for the time being .
Whether the approach is soothing or abusive , Japanese trade and payments surpluses stay high or even rise , while tensions endure .
But if all of this sounds too much like Boy Scouts run amok for your sensibilities , Mr. Clancy will soothe you with his sensitive , newly acquired political correctness .
But Callaway has n't been able to soothe fears about whether its new line of clubs , Big Bertha irons , will catch on .
And one television industry executive with long ties to Tisch said that the public attempt to soothe the internal concerns at CBS might not be as effective as Tisch would like .
Stock and bond prices gained on the strength of soothing inflation data .
Sony officials quickly rushed to soothe investors ' nerves with a candor that is rare among Japanese companies .
Throughout the three-day event , U.S. representatives had to soothe ruffled egos of Latin leaders who say they have been neglected by the hemisphere 's premier powerhouse .
But if the new administration manages to soothe investors ' nerves , and inflation remains under control , last week 's scare may be followed by a gradual return of faith .
Lately , the condition has caused Wilson 's voice to crack during speeches and has caused hoarseness and frequent irritation that the governor has soothed with cough drops .
Every time Mr. Hilditch gently probes Felicia 's despair , ostensibly to soothe her , we notice that she grows increasingly dependent on him .
As head of Disney 's TV operation , Mr. Hightower will have to soothe the egos of often prickly stars and producers as well as lobby network executives for the favorable time periods on their schedules .
That makes the government keen to soothe their worries .
But the battered dollar 's resilience did little to soothe still-festering worries about the U.S. currency .