Commonwealth monitors said the ballot had been free and fair , although they expressed concern that complicated procedures may have spoilt many votes .
Preservationists have been fighting the proposed park due to open in 1998 , claiming the park will spoil the area .
I lunch with a woman traveling from Boston with her 5-year-old son , who is sure to be spoiled for the rest of his life by this experience .
Caniggia , the fast winger who ties his long , streaky blond hair to play , also scored twice in Italy four years ago -- spoiling the World Cup for two favourites , Brazil and the hosts .
The president has fulfilled his promise to enlarge the Atlantic alliance without spoiling relations with Moscow .
The glitz and glare of Western entertainment still has n't completely spoiled the Russian taste for simple pleasures .
" Kids today are just spoiled , " Ms. Feng grumbles when her niece complains about the food and lodging .
Lovable losers who made it to the division championships in the 1989 original , the Cinderfellas have been spoiled by their new-found fame .
They created this but we still look like the bad guys for spoiling the fun .
They created this but we still look like the bad guys for spoiling the fun , '' he said .
The European side created numerous chances and spoilt them all with poor control in tight situations or hurried and erratic finishing .
But they are hoping the Brazilians will enter into the festive spirit and that , even if they do win , they will not spoil the party too quickly .
Business did not slump immediately , as shippers still needed large amounts of beer for crews during long sea journeys where plain water would spoil .
`` Spoiling them is dangerous as they have to go back .
The council says it may put up a cheaper modern aluminum signpost but would spoil the souvenir-hunters ' appetite by sandwiching a third village , Eastry , between the two .
Maybe there will be bananas , but I think the sweet potatoes will be spoiled , '' said Uwanyirigira .
The protest by opposition unions fighting Menem 's four-year-old austerity program that has kept both inflation and wages down appeared unlikely to spoil Menem 's delight over securing the right Monday night to run for re-election .
The protest by opposition unions fighting Menem 's four-year-old austerity program , which has kept both inflation and wages down , appeared unlikely to spoil Menem 's delight over securing the right Monday night to run for re-election .
But those elongated vinyl pieces did n't spoil anything except the Golf 's appearance , changing it from econobox to mini-thugmobile .
The statement from the Bavarian chapter of the Republicans coincided with a demand from within the party for Schoenhuber to quit because he had spoilt the party 's chances in October 's general election .
Six smaller parties and spoiled ballots accounted for the remainder of the vote .
If enough votes are spoiled or blank , Cardoso could avoid a runoff with 45 percent of the vote .
The exit polls showed about 15 percent of voters left their ballots blank or deliberately spoiled them , a kind of protest vote in a country were voting is obligatory .
`` Saddam Hussein forgot that past experience has taught Kuwait quite enough to spoil his sick dreams , '' it added .
So why should the Fed spoil the party just when it is in full swing ?
But he may have spoiled his chances by sharp and undiplomatic comments on Kremlin policy since he left the government in January .
Anxious organizers of the 18-member Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) forum prayed meanwhile that rain would not spoil an event heralded as the crowning moment for Suharto and the mainly Muslim nation he leads .
`` There are many attempts to try to spoil or stop the peace of the brave but we are completely committed to what we have signed , '' Arafat said .
The protracted struggle to control Chechnya seems set to spoil President Boris Yeltsin 's 64th birthday party Wednesday .
Washington in December spoiled China 's ambitions of joining the world trade club GATT and the successor World Trade Organization , citing shortcomings in copyright protection , market access and other trade issues .
The Hawks led by at least seven points thereafter and spoiled the ceremonies honoring former 76ers point guard Maurice Cheeks , who had his number retired at halftime .
Viacheslav Butsayev spoiled Bill Ranford 's shutout bid with his first goal of the season midway through the second period .
Critics say the president spoiled the early years of his first term with poor personnel decisions and warn that he may be headed into trouble again .
Although he hoped to endear himself to people by being candid about his feelings , Charles just sounds like a whiny , spoiled cad as he bashes Diana for sins real and imagined .
For Congress , more than 3.5 million ballots of a total of some eight million votes cast were spoiled or left blank , the board said .
That move , independent unionists say , reflects fears the march could boil over into trouble and spoil the government 's efforts at restoring stability to the financial markets .
Although the Ministry of Transport and Waterways estimates that more than 300 miles of dikes in the inundated Gelderland region require reinforcement , some opponents contend the ugly concrete would spoil the region 's beauty .
The local press said the ship dumped sackfuls of onions in the sea when the cargo started to spoil .
But the showdown was spoiled when Pruett crashed on lap 185 coming out of turn two .
Chicago netminder Ed Belfour had his shutout bid spoiled by his own star defenseman , Chris Chelios , who accidentally swatted the puck into his net 4:49 into the third period .
`` I hate to spoil the image that 's in a lot of older people 's minds about the things that I did .
His fire-breathing Republican convention speech two years ago had Buchanan spoiling for religious and cultural civil war .
These days , with a semi-automatic pistol on one hip and a stubby tanker 's version of the M-16 assault rifle slung over a shoulder , he even sounds as if he is spoiling for a fight .
So much food was delivered to the homes of the victims that people were asked not to bring any more for fear it would spoil .
Al-Thawra said Israeli talk about partial withdrawal was spoiling the atmosphere of peace and said Damascus would insist on total pullback from the Golan .
In the 1970s , bridge officials considered an 8-foot high fence to stop suicides but rejected it on the grounds of cost and esthetics -- it would spoil the elegant lines of the bridge .
A recession now could spoil both their chances for remaining in public office , analysts said .
In addition to abstentions this Sunday , some seven percent of votes might be spoiled or blank , the center said .
Political analysts speculated that the explosion was intended to spoil weeklong celebrations by South Africa 's state transport company , Transnet and the Mozambique Railway System ( CFM) , to mark the centenary of the rail line .
No, we 're not going to spoil the fun and repeat it here .
Elsewhere in the region , protesters tried to spoil Bastille Day parties .
Clinton 's calculations are complicated by the Rev. Jesse Jackson , the maverick Democrat and civil rights activist , who has made noises about trying to spoil his bid for a second four-year term .
Work brigades raced to harvest vegetables , rice and coffee to stop ripe crops from being spoiled by heavy rain .
If California voters are faced with too many chefs spoiling the broth , the reason is that no one who knows how to do large-scale cooking is in the kitchen .
Every morning , hundreds of Gazans crowd into Um Mohammad 's office seeking cures for laziness , depression , spoiled marriages , failed businesses or just plain bad luck .
`` Spare the rod , spoil the child '' is the philosophy that has long shaped child-rearing practices in the United States .
The global economy has been on the mend with most countries enjoying good vitality with virtually no hint that inflation is set to spoil the day .
But Clinton and Zedillo , seated with top officials from both their governments beneath the portraits of George and Martha Washington , did not let criticism spoil the mood .
But most of the voting took place in public and in some cases in Baghdad voters said election officers persuaded them not to spoil their ballot papers .
Freezers packed with vaccinations for tetanus , measles and polio , which spoil if they are not kept cool , were slowly warming up .
This was not going to be allowed to spoil the day of the Tiger Guard 's parade , watched by an admiring audience .
They also say German intelligence gave concrete warnings of a possible Palestinian attack which should have prompted tighter security , but that organizers chose to ignore this so as not to spoil the atmosphere of the games .
It believes the President engineered the scandal partly to spoil Kim Dae-jung 's image .
MOSCOW ( Reuter ) - After seven decades of voting in elections where only one party stood , Russians will be spoiled for choice when they go to the polls in less than five weeks .
It believes the president engineered the scandal partly to spoil Kim Dae-jung 's image .
Europe would be heading towards the millennium with a vicious war tearing its heart out , spoiling the dreams of unity and prosperity that have come since the end of the Cold War .
Decades ago , he and a man named Nick Karos discovered potatoes for french fries were spoiling and helped push for temperature-controlled storage facilities in the potato industry .
Lukashenko turned up at his home district , but told reporters he had spoiled his ballot .
He did nothing to encourage voters to go to the polls and spoiled his own ballot , saying most candidates were unworthy of office .
Hasek , who has allowed just seven goals in his last five games , turned away 41 shots before Nelson Emerson 's goal with 40 seconds remaining spoiled the shutout .
He said before this week 's vote , in which he spoiled his ballot , that he would impose direct rule if a full assembly was not returned .
Vernon stopped all 15 shots he faced over the first two periods before Jeff Norton spoiled his shutout bid 6:50 into the third period .
`` Tomorrow the celebration of peace that will take place in Paris with all of the great leaders of the world ...would have been spoiled .
Vanbiesbrouck stopped all 19 shots he faced over the first two periods before Teemu Selanne 's goal 4:36 into the third period spoiled the shutout .
Wild weather , traffic gridlock , labor disruptions and arbitrary government inspections may hit at any time , with every load of cement never more than 90 minutes from spoiling in the rotating cylinder on the truck .
`` This film , filled with gorgeous naked women , was spoiled by a totally unnecessary plot and dialogue , '' said the institute 's citation .
Even if you 're not self-indulgent , others may spoil your peace of mind .
Lautrec grew up spoiled by female doting and steeled by solitary pain .
`` If our military brass are spoiling for a fight , they better pick on somebody our size and not a superpower like China , '' Ariel Bocobo of the Manila Standard said .
Newspapers had criticised Shinshinto for spoiling chances to get to the bottom of the murky affair in parliament .
Newspapers had criticized Shinshinto for spoiling chances to get to the bottom of the murky affair in parliament .
To reveal more of the story would spoil the book 's main pleasure , which consists of McIlvaine 's investigation of Martin 's disappearance , the alternate confounding and confirming of his rationalism .
Church leaders , who hoped the stop at Catia would draw attention to human rights abuses in Venezuela 's overcrowded jails , later accused the government of spoiling the event by removing prisoners from the windows facing the pontiff .
And while evolution has left people less dependent on smell than animals , odors still alert us to danger gas leaks , fire , spoiled food .
Still , a significant number believe , to borrow a phrase , that sparing the rod spoils the child .
Preservationists have been fighting the proposed park due to open in 1998 , claiming the park will spoil the area , but Disney disputes this .
But the politicians did n't spoil everyone 's day .
But those plans were scuttled when Newcrest , which has recently grabbed a spoiling 12.5 percent stake in Adelaide-based PosGold , voted to reject the merger proposal .
At the Erez crossing to Israel they pelted Israeli soldiers with flowers and potatoes , spoiled because they could not be moved to market .
But lack of a budget agreement this year could spoil that plan .
But some members of the Security Council are trying to spoil things by raising things which were not in the original resolution , '' he said .
Conchita Martinez wants to spoil Navratilova 's farewell and win Wimbledon as her first Grand Slam title .
The nuclear issue was unlikely to spoil the festive mood set on the first day of a visit postponed several times since last November because of Yeltsin 's health problems .
Military sources said that when Israel began to spoil the tactic , using broad-band radio transmissions from aircraft to blow the bombs up prematurely , Hezbollah countered with timers that allowed radio detonation at moments of its choosing .
Dave Lowry 's seventh goal of the playoffs with 8:48 left extended the lead to 3-0 and Johan Garpenlov tallied into an empty net with 85 seconds remaining to restore the three goal lead after LeClair spoiled the shutout .
One internal Tyson memo dismissed the organization as a bunch of malcontents supported by `` socialists '' and `` shady characters '' who want to spoil consumer attitudes toward chicken .
Mike Hough had Florida 's last chance at spoiling Barrasso 's shutout bid , but the goalie forced him wide as he broke in with one minute left .
It came into effect Friday at midnight but has already been spoiled by fighting which each side accused the other of provoking .
The rebels agreed to the talks so as not to allow Russia to blame them for spoiling hopes for peace , but he said they would not put up with attacks , Udugov said .
Hitting the beach in Birmingham The seaside ambiance may be spoiled , however , by the sounds of train and auto traffic .