It 's just that the Smithsonian decided its underground Ripley International Center was the ideal setting for a zany exhibition of ideas for recycling all those old Lenin and Stalin statues the Russians have been trashing .
I still could n't bring myself to trash them .
But he turns around and trashes me the minute the book comes out .
Now I can be more economical , though I still trash any battery with less than half capacity .
Writer Luis Guillermo Piazza barely mentioned the book before trashing the elder Vargas Llosa , calling him a `` provincial rich kid '' with no sense of humor and ridiculing his ill-fated presidential campaign .
Unfortunately , Sagan ca n't resist trashing other people 's answer to that same question .
`` Through carelessness of some kind or another , one of America 's premier trout fisheries has been badly trashed , '' said Pete Rafle , a spokesman for the national conservation group Trout Unlimited .
Looters since the weekend have rampaged through warehouses in Port-au-Prince and Cap Haitien and broken into food distribution centers in Gonaives , trashing buildings and carting off more than 300 tons of food aid .
`` People 's homes were broken into and pretty well trashed , '' he said , adding that some schools were also looted .
That was before Huffington began pouring his own money into a hard-hitting campaign , much of it spent on television advertising trashing Feinstein 's record .
A pile of tapes had been uncovered and brought out of a forgotten storage area and were to be trashed .
SEOUL , South Korea ( Reuter ) - Street corners were clogged with discarded wardrobes , air conditioners and other home appliances Wednesday as Seoul residents continued to trash a new law controlling garbage disposal .
In a brief meeting with reporters Friday , he denied that he was out to trash the images of the late Nicole Simpson and Ronald Goldman , but said he would go where the evidence takes him .
Some of those trashed in the TV show are fighting back in print .
Zedillo 's move appeared to trash hopes of a peaceful end to the Maya Indian rebellion .
That prospect trashed many tech companies ' earnings and stocks and jolted broader markets several times earlier this year .
Protesting students have vandalized property , trashed campuses and taken officials hostage at universities and technikons -- higher education institutes that emphasize practical skills -- during demonstrations to force the pace of change at tertiary institutes .
And robust gains by the broader stock market have made utilities stocks comparatively cheap -- and less likely to get trashed in a broad market downturn .
When it 's over you wo n't have any secrets left , not the names of the women you loved , lost or discarded or the famous writers you supported and then trashed .
Earlier , at the house , McMillen told officers that he was sleeping when Niemyer entered and trashed his home , according to police sources .
The nation 's treasured samurai culture by no means is being trashed .
When I did that , it would probably trash a lot of the software I 'd installed over the last 18 months and render some of my computer 's other gadgets inoperable .
Or it may be , as publisher Peter Osnos explained , because `` people were much more interested in reading books that trashed Clinton . ''
They all favor trashing such affirmative action tools as set-asides -- giving historically disadvantaged groups first crack at millions of dollars in government contracts -- and setting goals and timetables for hiring and promoting women and minorities .
So many critics were trashing us on `` Mallrats , '' but there was one review that I read that was very insightful .
Old Hickory literally led a `` revolt of the rustics '' into the White House after the 1828 presidential election ; his rough-hewn followers , dressed in their muddy boots , trashed the Executive Mansion during his inaugural celebration .
The house was trashed ; concrete-block walls ripped apart , doors crushed in , roof collapsed .
`` It 's basically all the guys who have been trashing us in op-ed pieces , '' including both liberals and conservatives , said one official .
But friends of Charles trashed the idea that it might be better for the crown to pass directly to the couple 's son Prince William , now only 13 years old , when the queen dies .
Insolvency , on the other hand , would only strengthen the campaign to trash the city 's charter because the municipal government has proved incapable of running the city .
`` We are going to celebrate Christmas by trashing poor people .
If companies do n't buy their silence , they risk seeing key relationships trashed on the rumor mill .
The stunt tricked many viewers , was trashed by the critics , tarnished the image of Olympics anchor Bob Costas -- and tallied huge ratings numbers .
Other sources said demonstrators trashed a Freeport laboratory and other property .
`` Unavoidably the defense will trash the victims and if the jurors believe the stories of abuse , they will implicitly believe these were bad parents , '' he said .
There were none of the antics usually associated with pop superstardom -- no hotel rooms trashed , no bad behaviour in night clubs , not even a girlfriend to deflate the fantasies of a dedicated teenage following .
`` We support students and workers in their legitimate demands or expectations , but their cause is not advanced by vandalism , by trashing of campuses , by destroying facilities which must then be repaired using up resources .
Officials said Combs was being treated for a head injury and mental problems after trashing his home .
Officials said Monday Combs was being treated for a head injury and mental problems after trashing his home .
Sparks fly around the cockpit , the cabin is trashed , and the plane is shown nosediving through the air and attempting to land on a building , with cars exploding around it .
La Repubblica newspaper quoted Di Carlo as saying he would turn to other European or American designers if Italians continued to trash the idea .
News of the secret trip came after Baker trashed the Clinton administration at the Republican National Convention two weeks ago for its efforts to nudge Syria into peace with Israel .
If it is a Bronzino , it is a rarity indeed , as most of this artist 's drawings seem to have been trashed after his death .
You could always trash Hillary 's cookie-baking phobia , sneer at her razor-sharp appearances before Congress , suspect that Chelsea , particularly in the wardrobe and grooming area , is lacking the proper attention from Mom .
The resort was also trashed , with roofs blown off holiday huts and water sports equipment hurled in all directions .
One unlikely to purchase a ticket would be the former New Yorker film critic Pauline Kael , who occasionally managed to dredge up compliments for Ms. Rowlands 's acting but regularly trashed Cassavetes 's oeuvre with lines like `` he prolongs shots to the point of embarrassment ( and beyond ) . ''
`` Angels in the Outfield '' wants very badly to be a feel-good picture , but mostly it leaves you wondering by what cosmic rationale the angels decide to assist one team while trashing the competition .
`` My theory is that it is harder for women as the traditional housekeepers to enjoy watching a house get trashed , as they invariably did , '' Ms. Jones said .
`` The expectation is that it 's going to have a tough fourth quarter so they trashed the stock .
`` It 's just that people are bitchy and find a way of trashing the Booker .
Like a touring punk rock band that trashes hotel rooms after every gig , the peripatetic 48-year-old lawmaker appears bent on crashing Russian diplomacy in every corner of the earth .
I must get home and start trashing my music library .
And , it has to do it without trashing a stable of core businesses that finally seem to have recovered from a serious slump .
That has created the odd sight of a socialist state trashing the idea of welfare handouts .
Moreover , some money managers believe that the industries most vulnerable to disappointing earnings in a weaker economy auto and steel firms , for example , have already seen their stocks trashed .
The new arrivals ran amok , stealing anything they could sell and trashing everything else .
To Thomas , her actions in going after the gang members who intimidated her son and trashed her house were a natural outgrowth of pride in Ronnie .
`` The defense in ( these ) cases is doing a pretty good job and , unfortunately in the process , is trashing a lot of good science .
With polls showing voters decisively against intervention , Republicans move to trash the Clinton position .
No other brokerage firm on or off Wall Street had been willing to trash its own industry in that way .
Democrats everywhere are fleeing Bill Clinton by trashing what he 's stood for .
And in a twist on the usual charge of trashing an opponent 's campaign posters , Rep. Hoagland suggests that Mr. Christensen 's supporters attacked his billboard-size political signs with power saws .
" They kept citing all the editorials trashing the Contract .
They cannot be corrected by trashing your currency , no matter how many IMF or Treasury or consulting economists tell you this will make your imports more expensive and your exports cheaper .
Gary Oldman plays the composer like a spoiled rock star -- we first meet him trashing a hotel room in a fit of rage -- and he plays him just right .
This explains why Californians in general passed Proposition 187 , the ballot initiative to withhold social services to illegal aliens , and why the measure was trashed by voters here .
Both groups trashed the yellow color of the technical logo , saying it reminded them of urine .
The book resuscitates the case of Elizabeth Bentley , a former Russian spy in 1940s Washington who has been routinely trashed since then by leftist historians because of her revelations about communist infiltration of the Roosevelt administration .
The shooting occurred after the boys stole a car and went on a joy ride , trashing lawns and crushing curbside garbage cans until two neighbors gave chase .
Ohlmeyer was only warming up to the task of trashing the CBS show .
He trashed the standard champagne wisdom that says nonvintage wines can be blended to create a consistent house style year after year .
No, this is not to trash Fitch in any way , but merely to illustrate the essential problem with his hiring .
To friends , he praised mom and trashed dad .
Republicans wanted to trash the crime bill as a way of embarrassing President Clinton , who desperately wanted it to pass .
By Thursday , MCI said that efforts to renegotiate had been trashed completely because Motorola Inc. , a large investor in Nextel that had veto power on the deal , was being difficult .
Trucks delivering milk from El Paso to Juarez have been trashed and torched , their drivers beaten .
Do we support Father Aristide as the embodiment of democracy or trash him as an unstable , homicidal , mystical malcontent ?
Word spread quickly to the streets , bringing hundreds of residents out to trash the property of those who had ruled over them .
" To trash the entire farm program just to meet a budget target does n't make sense , " says Rep. Lincoln , whose family has been raising rice and cotton for seven generations .
Kitchens and bathrooms were trashed in many of the officers ' quarters , and brick stoves were smashed to pieces .
In the Aristide stronghold of Cite Soleil , however , crowds trashed a police station , then chased down a policeman and ripped off his clothes .
These folks , so interested in law and order in other contexts , have basically trashed the frail protective structure that they themselves created in the past were shamed into creating with regard to campaign finance .
After the record-setting market trashed her bearish case , Ms. Hensel left the firm earlier this year .
I like this idea because your mind is off the food and your house does n't get trashed and there are n't very many dirty dishes .
And there is the one who trashed his own sister to make points about welfare dependency at a time when she says she was working double shifts in a nursing home at minimum wage .
Candidates do n't turn to trashing opponents just for sadistic satisfaction .
It 's as if he set out to trash his own franchise .
One theory , claiming the Warriors made their worst trade since the Robert Parish fiasco , should be trashed immediately .
The magazine 's editors responded to the rebellion by surrounding the article with 17 short commentaries , nearly all of them trashing the book .
They are researching cut , technique and craftsmanship , which were trashed when punks made dresses out of garbage sacks .
As a soldier , he frequently trashed his political bosses and fellow generals in public ( while praising Chile 's ex-President Pinochet ) .
In a move that struck many as sweeps-time ratings ploy , talk show host Ricki Lake got herself arrested and jailed after trashing an executive 's office over his ties to the fur industry .
All of these improvisations might be tolerable except for two things : First , the world image of the United States is being trashed once again .
His Chargers were being trashed by the national media , no respect given , none at all , and Seau knew what he had to do .
Knowing that such a devoted following existed , Thomas had to keep her natural impulse to trash the whole silly thing under tight rein .
No word on which rock groups will attend the grand opening ceremonies to trash the rooms .
Fisher scoffed at the story , which did not even include anonymous quotes , and it has been trashed by each of the players who were named .
This is not about taking down a hero or trashing the dead .
This is the year the Pac-10 was poised to trash all the post-season skeletons jingling in its closet .
We can praise the competence or trash the arrogance of Robert Shapiro .