Domestic chip demand had been slumping since roughly a year ago , because of a chip glut and tumbling memory-chip prices .
Black-market prices , the only prices there are , tumbled drastically after Bosnia 's Muslims and Croats agreed in February to stop fighting and form a joint state instead .
He tumbled from the ring after lunging for his opponent , who dodged out of the way .
Dreekmann now faces Swede Magnus Larsson , another unseeded player who made his way through the bottom half of the draw as the favorites kept tumbling .
To keep the Eurofighter from tumbling like a wrongly-thrown dart , British and German engineers developed the so-called digital fly-by-wire steering controls .
We will open the Japanese markets either through the framework or through U.S. trade laws , '' Kantor said Tuesday in punching remarks that sent the dollar tumbling against the Japanese yen .
But last year they tumbled into disgrace when the farm-industrial giant Ferruzzi Finanziaria , the former family holding company , lurched to the brink of bankruptcy before banks came to the rescue .
However since then , the credibility of Brazilian politicians has tumbled with a succession of corruption scandals allied to frequent reports of excessive perks for the political class .
Once Nora begins to fall apart , she tumbles with all the unattractiveness of a hysteric .
Colorful flowers tumbled across a large coffee table .
In the bond market , interest rates tumbled on shorter-term securities , a natural response as the near-term threat of another Fed credit-tightening move dissipated .
If investors expected a meaningful economic slowdown , they should be far more interested in locking in current bond yields before rates tumbled again .
It is every spacewalker 's worst nightmare : slipping free of his or her safety line and tumbling slowly away into open space with the shuttle docked to a space station , unable to come to the rescue .
In addition , a button can be used to activate a small internal computer that will attempt to fire whatever jets are necessary to stabilize a tumbling astronaut .
In the intervening hours , the market had tumbled , making the tardy reports for as many as 30 issues stand out as highs for the day .
But when the gold fields were tapped out and the economy tumbled , Australians sought to expel them , calling the Chinese thieves and liars .
He rolled and tumbled , played behind his back , with his teeth , pulled out every `` chitlin' circuit '' trick in the book .
Igor is slowly forced to make a moral assessment of his life when an African worker called Hamidou ( Rasmane Ouedraogo ) tumbles from a scaffolding trying to escape a raid from labor inspectors .
In Sydney , shares fell , ending near their lows following a late sell-off stemming partly from dashed expectations that Australia will reduce short-term interest rates soon ; the banking and financial sector tumbled 1.5 % .
Energy futures prices tumbled on the New York Mercantile Exchange on a report that Iraq was close to submitting its oil-for-aid distribution plan to the United Nations .
After studying the makeshift grave which lay about 100 feet from the nearest road authorities could not immediately determine whether the boy 's body had been covered deliberately or whether rocks had tumbled from the cliff .
But in the midst of all this , state funding has tumbled , forcing the government to ask for aid from international organizations to bail the department out of a financial crisis .
Apamea tumbled out of existence in a massive earthquake more than 800 years ago .
Both made it safely down the slippery marble steps , but others were not so lucky , tumbling at the last minute and hopping off stage with their spike heels in hand .
Gasoline prices , which tumbled in May , rose last month , the Labor Department said , while fresh vegetable prices posted their largest rise in a year .
-- Deborah Lohse Shares in Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. tumbled 21 % in heavy trading following the company 's announcement Friday night that its third-quarter cash flow and revenue fell short of expectations .
In Buenos Aires , stocks tumbled 2.1 % in depressed activity , as Argentine political worries continued because of allegations about government corruption and justice-system manipulation .
Fears that the scandal over the involvement of Berlusconi 's Fininvest media group in a new strand of the corruption inquiries could provoke a fresh crisis have sent financial markets tumbling .
Oil prices tumbled to their lowest close since early June , as technical selling pressures accelerated in the face of a lack of fundamental news out of Nigeria , a big oil producer .
In Champagne , where prices have tumbled on weak demand in recent years , growers and producers are optimistic about emerging from the doldrums this year .
British government bond prices tumbled on the news and shares fell back .
On Monday morning , a small plane piloted by a disturbed Maryland man crashed about 30 yards from the executive mansion and tumbled into a ground floor wall two stories below the president 's bedroom .
Both sides lose when the dollar tumbles against the yen -- Japanese exporters suffer and U.S. interest rates head higher -- but officials either side of the Pacific insist markets set currency rates , not trade negotiators .
Both sides lose when the dollar tumbles against the yen -- Japanese exporters suffer and U.S. interest rates head higher -- and an aide said Kono may discuss exchange rates when he sees Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen Friday afternoon .
Sanctions could also send the dollar tumbling -- costing Japanese exporters dearly and boosting U.S. interest rates .
Sanctions could also send the dollar tumbling , which could crimp Japanese exporters and force U.S. interest rates higher .
Other Latin American stock markets , which have been tumbling in tandem with Mexico 's in recent days , also rebounded .
Tens of thousands of people fled their homes when walls of mud rising as high as 12 feet tumbled down from Mount Pinatubo on Friday and Saturday .
But on July 1 the political environment was transformed when the government launched an anti-inflation plan that sent inflation tumbling and Lula 's presidential hopes with it .
But the plan came unstuck as SPD leader Rudolf Scharping blundered , saying planned tax increases would hit middle incomes as well as higher earners and sending SPD ratings tumbling .
Saddam took personal charge of the Iraqi cabinet in May after an economic crisis in which prices soared and the Iraqi dinar tumbled to its lowest rate against the dollar .
A panel of four citizens assembled by the Herald agreed that both candidates scored hits and neither tumbled over a major gaffe .
Korea Broadcasting System radio earlier said the car tumbled 30 feet down the mountain , after a strut supporting the cable broke .
On Wednesday , the 600 passengers and hundreds of crew of the fated liner tumbled into lifeboats as the huge vessel burned and listed badly off the northeast coast of Somalia .
State development bank Nafin stepped in to stop prices tumbling further .
Sales of bears boomed during the economic good times in the late 1980s , only to tumble with the recession .
`` I am out on the passionate waters , which are tumbling in and tumbling out on a rip tide .
The bullet entered sideways but tumbled inside his body , blowing a thumb-sized hole in his lung and tearing blood vessels .
And so Katie falls again , tumbling head over heels into her first real love , one so pure and innocent and awkward and delightful that it will touch the most sophisticated reader 's heart .
The November consumer price report showed that energy prices rose 0.7 percent after tumbling that amount in the preceding two months .
But these quakes did little beyond breaking household objects , cracking some building walls and sending some chimneys tumbling to the ground .
The November CPI showed that energy prices rose 0.7 percent after tumbling that amount in the preceding two months .
The new peso tumbled more than 15 percent in Mexico 's nervous financial markets after the government liberalized the currency 's trading bands .
The national currency tumbled by more than 15 percent Tuesday and the stock market plummeted more than 10 percent Wednesday .
The dusty objects had tumbled by chance from a shelf in the KGB 's archives or so they were now informed .
British Biotech PLC 's shares tumbled 7 % as eagerly awaited clinical data on its experimental cancer-drug Marimastat fell short of investors ' expectations .
The new peso -- so-called after the government cut three zeroes off the old currency in 1993 -- has tumbled more than 40 percent against the dollar in the last two weeks .
U.S. officials and other allies pitched in again Thursday to reassure the financial world that Mexico will not tumble into long-term crisis .
Of course , there is also the risk that bond prices will tumble as credit worries arise -- or , in some cases , that interest payments wo n't be met .
Falling at around five miles a second , the capsule would have begun to tumble , break into dozens of pieces and burn up , the officials said .
But concerns about the software maker 's balance sheet sent its stock tumbling .
`` It gives me a big headache , '' he said wearily as he stood in his barn , where puppies and kittens tumbled over each other and hens scratched in the dirt .
After tumbling Monday in initial shock at the news , Asian financial markets recovered some of their poise Tuesday .
The Mexican economy has tumbled since a pre-Christmas peso devaluation sent the currency reeling .
A minute later , on the triple salchow , she tumbled again .
But economists said the assault by currency traders on the dollar -- which had tumbled to fresh lows against the German mark , the Japanese yen and the Swiss franc -- is not over .
Two more Pan-Am swimming records were broken to add to the four which went tumbling on Sunday .
The dollar tumbled from early highs against the yen despite repeated BOJ intervention , dropping below 89 yen in the late afternoon from a high of 89.90 in early trade .
Military veterans saluted the front-runner as red-white-and-blue balloons tumbled from the rafters of a sports arena in Topeka packed with 7,000 cheering Kansans .
A bond rally sent yields tumbling to eight-month lows .
Vehicles tumbled into the yawning construction pit , including buses carrying children to nearby schools .
Vehicles tumbled into the yawning construction pit , including some buses carrying children to school .
Vehicles , including school buses , tumbled into the yawning construction pit .
Balladur , who tumbled in four months from runaway favorite to a first-round presidential election defeat , was quiet as he left after the 35-minute meeting .
The filing came the day after the stock of Rockefeller Center Properties Inc. tumbled on fears the investment groups might sell it or declare bankruptcy .
When the ticket turns out to be a winner , the cop tumbles into a triangle involving the waitress and his shrewish wife ( Rosie Perez ) .
The president 's spokeswoman denied as absurd and groundless rumors that Chirac might seek a change in the European Monetary System which sent the franc tumbling against the deutschemark on currency markets .
It is designed to remain in place where an ordinary window would shatter and tumble from its frame .
It looks more like an antiquated telephone switchboard with shelves of flashing lights and a trail of spaghetti-like wires tumbling from the back .
But that has been the wrong investment thesis since November : Shorter-term yields also have tumbled .
Otherwise , he said , most farmers would continue to enroll in the farm program , meaning huge federal expenses if market prices tumble .
Hungary is heavily in debt and recently adopted a tough austerity program that sent Horn 's popularity tumbling and exposed rifts between the Socialists and their trade union allies .
Not long ago , Border Patrol agent Angel Pena 's biggest fear was tumbling down a deep ravine in the dark .
Panic selling of dollars for yen ensued , and the dollar did indeed tumble just as Sakakibara wanted .
But the Bovespa 's wild ride veered off course this week , as jittery investors sent the key index tumbling 16 percent , fearing this miracle might be too good to be true .
The consequent loss of power shut down the spinning gyroscopes that stabilize the station and the whole massive thing began to tumble .
We now know that an out of control tumbling space station can be righted with thrusters and stabilized until the gyros can be brought up to speed .
There , under a thin blanket of silt , the ships were preserved out of harm 's way , secure from the currents that tumbled shipwrecks closer to shore into ruin .
She , who kept bed linens matched and crisp , is now told that a tumbled nest of duvets , afghans and assorted pillows is more inviting .
There , it goes to work breaking down the difficult foods as they come tumbling after .
The park got a surprise visit not too long ago from bungee jumpers who tumbled from a helicopter and into the scenic canyon during filming of a television commercial .
and the index was weighed down partly by futures-linked selling , while Japanese funds bought at lower levels , preventing the index from tumbling .
Tearing through timber fences , stucco walls and steel-girded car doors , they tumble through body tissue and ricochet off bones like searing-hot pinballs , carving the kidneys , the heart , the lungs .
Business leaders and politicians had also expressed fear that political turbulence could send the country 's financial markets tumbling .
( Reuter ) - Stock of Creative BioMolecules Inc. tumbled after the pharmaceutical research company said a preliminary study failed to show how much its leading product could repair teeth .
The stock and bond markets have tumbled this year as the Fed raised interest rates three times , starting Feb. 4 , which was its first interest rate increase in five years .
Unfortunately , the moment he turns his back on her , she tumbles from the plane and fails to open the chute en route to the hard ground .
NEW YORK ( Reuter ) - Comments by one of the directors of Germany 's Bundesbank that interest rates in his country may remain comparatively high for some time sent the dollar tumbling against the mark Monday .
( Reuter ) - Cray Research Inc. Tuesday reported a sharp gain in first-quarter profits but orders fell below company expectations , sending the supercomputer manufacturer 's stock tumbling .
But prices rose more briskly in early 1994 that at the end of the year , sending the financial markets tumbling on renewed fears that inflation was picking up .