Having taken on a certain responsibility for worsening the plight of the Haitian people and having drawn only defiance from Haiti 's military government , he may find himself with little choice other than to order the Marines ashore .
But he said air strikes would only worsen the situation .
`` I do n't want problems to be worsened on the basis of some preliminary conversations and meeting of ministers and delegations .. . '' Kravchuk said .
Diplomats and aid workers have said they fear an upsurge of violence in Burundi where the security situation is worsening .
Steadily worsening violence escalated last wekeend when the IRA broke with its declared policy of attacking only police and soldiers to shoot dead two Protestants it accused of being UFF members .
Finally , women in the exercise group improved their balance by an average of 14 percent , while balance in the control group worsened by 8 percent .
Several observers predicted the trend would worsen in the next several years , as financial constraints squeeze the city even further .
The refugees said they fled into Tanzania because of the worsening military situation in southern Rwanda .
Chaperon said the situation in the Gorazde Muslim enclave was worsening and Muslim forces had on Saturday fired two mortar rounds at the Bosnian Serbs .
As the fighting worsened , Boutros-Ghali appealed to the council to raise a force , which suggested he begin among African states .
British diplomats in Sanaa said Western embassies planned to evacuate their nationals if the fighting worsened .
At least 3,500 people have been killed in worsening violence between Muslim guerrillas and the security forces since an army-backed council cancelled a general election in January 1992 in which the FIS had taken a commanding lead .
The fighting in Yemen between forces of the North and South worsened Friday .
The violence has worsened recently as the military and their civilian cohorts have stepped up efforts to squelch support for the democratically elected president .
The camp is eerily quiet in the dead of night , but before dawn there is a chorus of coughing , a sign perhaps of the people 's worsening health .
The incident was the latest in a series of military , cropduster and commercial Cuban airplane pilots that have fled as economic conditions worsen on the Caribbean island .
Others said that some of the measures being taken in the region to combat kidnapping may only worsen the problem by fueling fears that violence is on the rise .
Astronomers warned people in advance not to try to view the eclipse directly and noted that telescopes and binoculars only worsen the impact of the eye-threatening rays .
As the fighting worsened , Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali appealed to the council to raise a force , which suggested he begin among African states .
The U.S. Senate called last week for a lifting of the arms embargo on Bosnia , a move which both France and Britain have said would worsen the fighting and lead to a withdrawal of the peacekeepers .
SOFIA , Bulgaria ( Reuter ) - Bulgaria 's largest labor organization embarked on a series of sporadic strikes Tuesday to protest worsening economic conditions and planned to expand the stoppages Wednesday , trade union officials said .
A recent European Parliament commission study said discrimination faced by gypsies in these countries , especially as economic conditions worsened after the break-up of the former Soviet bloc , was forcing many to emigrate to the West .
The offer appeared to be a sign of desperation in the face of Chechnya 's worsening military prospects .
The institute said both India and Pakistan had strengthened their democratic systems in the past year , but their relations with each other were worsening again over Kashmir .
The Russian media had reported a mass of cancelations , guaranteed to worsen the peninsula 's already rocky economy .
At least 3,300 Algerians have been killed in worsening violence since January 1992 when the authorities cancelled general elections the fundamentalists were poised to win .
Church members said harassment had worsened in recent months .
The Socialists , led by former foreign minister Gyula Horn , have proposed spending cuts , curbs on consumer demand and restricted social welfare benefits to help to shore up Hungary 's worsening state finances .
KIEV , Ukraine ( Reuter ) - Relations between Ukraine and its separatist Crimean peninsula seemed to worsen on Tuesday when Crimean deputies denounced a delegation from their own parliament for affirming the region was a part of Ukraine .
They warned that the job picture will worsen if a settlement is n't reached soon in a 12-day-old strike at the Canadian plants of General Motors Corp. , one of the country 's largest employers .
The hospital said the baby died from a low level of oxygen in the blood caused by her lung problems , which had worsened in recent weeks .
Doctors said that the exact cause of death was not known , but that Angela had experienced a low level of oxygen in the bloodstream , caused by lung problems that had worsened in recent weeks .
But even as his condition worsened in recent months , some followers remained upbeat , confident that he would emerge as the Messiah .
Some government officials are concerned that rapid liberalization could worsen the problem .
They hoped to discuss with North Korean leaders developments in the worsening confrontation and the continuing discussions at the U.N. Security Council on the possibility of hitting the isolated Stalinist state with economic sanctions .
The third study identified the midwestern United States as the source of most of Toronto 's acidic air pollution , which dramatically worsens the hospital admissions impact of exposure to ozone .
Former President Jimmy Carter and his wife , Rosalynn , Wednesday crossed the heavily fortified border into North Korea in a bid to help end the worsening nuclear crisis .
Critics say he should be recalled as a cynical maneuverer , loyal to cronies rather than ideas , who presided over worsening corruption , mounting unemployment and wasteful spending on power and prestige rather than real development .
Weather conditions worsened slightly at the time of the first landing attempt , Vogt said .
Grant said the condition of children in virtually all English-speaking industrialized countries had worsened in the 1980s , while it improved steadily in continental Europe and Japan .
A key question is what caused the change and whether it will persist or even worsen .
As the wailing of ambulance sirens echoed through the streets of Aden , the International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) said it was worried about the worsening plight of civilians .
The National Democratic Coalition , leading the campaign to end military rule , said Abiola 's arrest would only worsen the political crisis .
The International Committee of the Red Cross said it was deeply worried about the worsening situation of civilians in the war .
Cape Town ornithologist Rob Crawford said the situation was worsened by the fact the birds were currently breeding .
Clearly , trade experts said , both sides are hoping for a settlement that would keep relations from worsening .
Travelers Group 's third-quarter net income surged 23 % , buoyed by strong gains in its life-insurance , property-casualty and securities-brokerage businesses even as results worsened for its big consumer-finance unit .
The repressive response of government to the protesters in the capital will only complicate any attempt by Honduran President Carlos Reina has only worsened problem .
His power began to ebb as his health worsened .
He said he expects Thailand 's bad-loan crisis to worsen , and interest rates to remain high .
His descendants say that as Long Wolf 's illness worsened and he realized that he would die , he told his wife , Wants , that he wanted to be buried at home .
Even though there was no sign that had happened yet , Fed policy-makers raised short-term interest rates in March to cool off the economy a bit and keep inflation from worsening .
Those jobs are precious indeed in a region of the state with double-digit unemployment worsened by the 600 layoffs during the past year from the closing of a Bausch & Lomb eyeglass plant .
Secondary progressive MS describes a pattern of the illness that begins with flare-ups and remissions , then progresses to a period when symptoms steadily worsen .
Anti-tobacco negotiators involved in the talks should insist on safeguards to ensure that an agreement does not worsen the toll of disease and death overseas , the statement said .
Evidence is expected to show that instead of improving , ecological problems have worsened in many parts of the world .
The disease is characterized by tremors and rigidity in the limbs , slowness of movements and loss of muscle control , all of which worsen with age .
And the problem of heat stress would worsen in the new polluted climate , he warned .
The tie-ups worsened as stymied cars ran out of gas and engines overheated under the burden of air conditioners .
When its performance worsened this year , the company laid off 400 employees in its Chicago headquarters and then two weeks ago stopped paying suppliers .
The deteriorating economic situation and worsening human rights violations by the military have prompted increasing numbers of Haitians to take the risk and set sail .
He condemned neo-Nazi attacks on foreigners that have plagued Germany since its unification in 1990 and warned that unless extremists were stopped , the violence would worsen .
Coastal weather at Cape Canaveral is expected to worsen Saturday and Sunday .
But he said conditions were expected to worsen over the weekend in much of the west , with very hot , dry weather forecast with temperatures over 100 degrees in some areas .
But he said conditions were expected to worsen over the weekend in much of the West , with very hot , dry weather forecast with temperatures over 100 degrees Fahrenheit in some areas .
Conditions in Haiti have steadily worsened since a military coup toppled elected President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in 1991 , and international economic sanctions were slapped on the country .
He said that problem could hurt the current quarter along with worsening currency conversions .
Thousands of Haitians have fled their Caribbean island in recent weeks to escape worsening poverty and oppression by the military regime that replaced ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in September 1991 .
Flight director Jeff Bantle said problems with the gyroscope have worsened over the past 24 hours and authorities decided to ready landing crews at the Edwards Air Force Base in California 's Mojave Desert .
According to Bantle , officials wanted to give Cabana a better chance at a safe landing if the problems worsen as he guides the shuttle home .
Manchester officials expected delays to worsen as the weekend progressed .
Lightning sparked two fires near the town of Princeton about 120 miles east of Vancouver and more lightning storms forecast for Sunday night raised fears that the situation could worsen .
With more lightning forecast , officials fear the situation could worsen .
Research dating back to the 1970s had shown that a certain type of sleep deprivation could worsen individuals ' recall of specific events .
If they remained inflexible the tensions in the country could worsen and lead to civil war , Jackson said .
Most of the judges blamed the media for worsening violence among the young .
Officials fretted that conditions would only worsen as the summer wore on .
But as the conflict on the streets worsened , the tables gradually turned and Protestants saw the British soldiers as `` their '' army while Catholics resurrected the traditional Irish nationalists ' image of them as occupation forces .
Human-rights abuses in Haiti have worsened since he joined the government last May , the paper 's assistant publisher Claude Masson said in a statement , carried by the agency .
The decline of the Mexican funds helped worsen what was already a losing year for many closed-end funds .
Recent studies show that hunger and malnutrition in Haiti , long a problem , continue to be widespread and are worsening .
Cases of infectious diseases like cholera , typhoid and diphtheria are becoming common in Russia because of a breakdown in public health care system and worsening sanitary conditions .
( Begin optional trim ) Did he not care , or had he become so distanced from running the country perhaps by worsening health that he was unaware ?
That number was lower than on previous days when up to 10,000 people were fleeing Gikongoro , Cyanika and the surrounding refugee camps , but the conditions of those walking had worsened .
Worsening the situation was a split between Clinton and his legislative lieutenants on how to revive the crime bill .
The dollar slumped against the yen in New York Thursday as dealers feared the latest evidence that Japan 's huge surplus is persisting could worsen the bilateral trade dispute .
The dispute over immigration has relations between Washington and Havana to worsen , although they have been consistently hostile since the 1959 revolution that brought Castro to power .
Tense relations between the Balkan neighbors worsened last week when Albania , ignoring Greek protests , put on trial five ethnic Greek men .
He blamed traffic fumes , which have worsened across Britain with an unusually warm and humid summer .
Such brief detentions have become frequent in China , where human rights groups say conditions have worsened since international pressure eased on Beijing this spring .
The brazen assaults , law enforcement officials and independent criminologists say , are among the dire steps rural Mexicans are taking to cope with the harshness of the poverty that two years of a brutal recession only worsened .
The referendum will worsen the Bosnian impasse , diplomats say , with a no vote forcing reluctant Western nations to contemplate unpalatable measures to force peace on the Serbs .
Thousands of Haitians have fled the Caribbean island this year to escape worsening poverty and oppression by the military regime that toppled President Jean-Bertrand Aristide in 1991 .
The migration is mostly from one Third World country to another , but it also places pressure on industrialized nations and is a global security problem as regional conflicts worsen .
They continued as late as last July when , despite worsening illness , he undertook a 1,200 mile concert tour of Britain in aid of cancer research .
And for our neglect in addressing these problems as we ought , it should n't surprise us that their symptomatic manifestations have only worsened .
Faced with worsening economic problems , more than 32,000 Cubans have fled the island country this year , most within the last month after Cuban authorities stopped trying to prevent their departure .
Worsening the situation has been a new ban on money transfers to Cubans from relatives living in the United States .
Faced with worsening economic problems , more than 32,000 Cubans have fled the island this year , most within the last month after Cuban authorities stopped trying to prevent their departure .
Worsening the situation has been a recently imposed ban on money transfers to Cubans from relatives living in the United States and charter flights .